TITLE: Sovereignty Part 3 - Russell Paul Arthur Personal Journey Grace Private Society
URL:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C-cSALdcnRM

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Okay, welcome to the Nal Zone. I am Anam and today we have Russell again with us for part three. Myself and Russell both thought it would be a great idea to take you guys on a his personal journey for him to talk about his own journey of changing his status from a uh executo or whatever the term is that he gets you know in the contract law that we talked about the trust law and to change his status from that to the beneficiary and I'm sure he'll have more of the legal terms uh associated with those. I know beneficiary is definitely I'm accurate on that but the execution one uh eludes me. Anyway, you guys know what I'm talking about and he's going to take us through his personal journey. So, we get a firsthand account of what one human being has journeyied to do exactly what we're talking about. uh this content of human sovereignty. I will hand it over to Russell. His website is in the description and go and check it out. He is doing stellar work. If you watched the previous videos, you know how clear, concise, and what a gift he has to make all these so-called obscure topics very easy, very accessible, very understandable. And today's topic is his own journey and how to change your status in the sovereignty uh legal quagmire swamp swamp. Over to you Russell >> thank you very much. Welcome to you. It's a it's a pleasure to be back here. An honor to be um on your channel and to be able to do this presentation and uh thanks for the introduction. Today I've got um a really good presentation for you and your audience where we are going to dig deep into a specific aspect of sovereignty known as the status correction. So without further ado, let me get this presentation up and uh running. Any moment you should see the uh >> yep I can >> screen change. >> Excellent. So here we go. presentation status correction how to resend citizenship and restore sovereignty and I'm going to deliver this presentation to you and your audience in two parts. So today we are going to focus on my personal journey into sovereignty and then we're going to come back and do a part two where we focus on the actual documented procedure corrects our status in relation to the nation state. So beginning this presentation and then we're going to start with a disclaimer and advisory. This presentation is a visual aid to conceptualize citizenship and sovereignty and is not to be treated as an exact representation of reality. The information shared is a personal perspective based upon research knowledge and experience of the facts of reality and may include the error of interpretation and conveyance. The information does not constitute or convey legal or financial advice. Please do your own research to confirm the subject matter before drawing any conclusions and please do not act upon this information without first consulting a practitioner of sovereign law. So let's move on to the first aspects of this presentation going back where we're going to speak specifically about status. So this will be a a generalized perspective and viewpoint on what status is. So what exactly is a status? Status is the position, standing and capacity of our life and estate in relation to others in the context of a society. And when we break that down, we have position. And this is the role and duty that we have in a specific matter. Then we have standing and this would be our authority and rights that we have in a specific matter. And then we have capacity which is our ability and competency in a specific matter. And of course within our lifetime within our actual life we do hold different positions. So for example, in the matters at home, you might hold the position of being a father or a mother. In the matters of business, you might hold the position of being an employer or an employee. Um, in the matters of say a court proceeding, you might hold the position of being a respondent or a defendant. And of course these different types of positions, these roles and duties, they come with different types of authority and rights. So for example, if I was holding the position of being a doctor in a medical practice, then my position will be regulated by a medical agency and I would have been granted specific authority and rights in how I can practice medicine. And then we have our capacity. So that's linked to our actual skill sets, the energy that we bring, the knowledge that we have, our ability to actually perform to do something to produce a result and an outcome. So status is definitely connected to our position, standing and capacity. And of course our status will change as the circumstances of our life and estate change. So for example um our status will change with age because who we are what we know who we do and the positions and standing that we hold in life is very different say for a teenage child compared to an adult that's in the middle of life that's got a lot more responsibilities going on. Our circumstances will change as we take on more responsibilities in life, as we gather more possessions and take on more positions uh in life. And of course, our status can change as we start to wind down in life and we go into to become retired and we start to uh live a more simple life. So status will change as we progress through different stages of life. And of course the quality of our life is in direct correlation to our status. You know you're either holding a good position or a bad position in life. You either have a a good standing in society and you you have the authority and rights um to act in a a strong capacity where you're able to achieve many things. Or perhaps you don't have a good standing and you don't you have limited or restricted authority and rights. So achieving a certain level of status in society will have a direct correlation on the quality of your life. So that is the generalized view and perspective and meaning of status. What are your thoughts on that Adam? I think uh this is very well put, very simple, very easy to understand. I hadn't thought about it before and again I can't help but think uh what a great thing it would be to put this in schools, you know, for uh children to grow up with this kind of understanding. Anyway, over to you. >> Good. Okay, let's move on to the next slide. Now you you might like this as we're going to go into the next three or four slides because in my own personal life I have come to experience and recognize certain specific statuses that were more like psychosspiritual conditions that affected how I operated and showed up in life. And I have identified on my personal journey through life five different types of psychosspiritual conditions or status. One being the ego, one being the seeker, the observer, the redeemer, and finally the sovereign. And I'm going to go right into each one of those in the next slides. So those are archetypes if you like and my way of explaining or showing the audience of how I experience these different stages of life. And for anyone that's not clear on what psychoso spirituality actually means, it means the integration of psychological selfawareness and spiritual practices to understand and reconcile thoughts, emotions and behaviors. And it involves the exploration of existence, purpose, and connection to something greater, which then leads to profound realizations, clarity, and good judgment, and typically results in personal growth and integrity. So, what I wanted to ask you, Anam, is are you familiar with the the term psychospirituality? >> Can't that I am. I can't say that I am. Uh, it's the first time I've heard about it. However, in the context that you have explained it, it makes perfect sense to me. >> Yes. Because it's it's it's a merger of spiritual practices and the mind, you know, because in this world there seems to be like a split between spirituality and the mind or the ego when really they kind of complement each other because the mind or the ego is an important function in life and spirituality is the awareness that's behind the ego or viewing the ego that is able to um study the ego and ascertain what the ego is doing or what the mind is doing. And of course with that awareness that selfawareness of the psychology of the mind and the spir spiritual practices of mindfulness and meditation one can really get to understand what's going on with your thoughts with your emotions behaviors and the patterns. So psychosspirituality there are five specific conditions uh that I went through in my life that got me to the place where I am now which is sovereignty. So we kick off with the ego as a psychosspiritual status. And of course, we've got the picture on the left there with the two faces, the happy happy smiling, the the putting on the the show, the performance, and obviously we got the sad, we got the miserable, we got the suffering face. And I personally see the ego as a psychological mask, a psychological mask that is formed to perform in the world. because I found that growing up in a world of someone that lacked an understanding or lacked awareness um that had a low level of consciousness is that you were adjusting yourself to the people around you so that you could be liked, you could be loved, you could be supported. So that would be the people within your home, your family members. That would be the people in your social circle at school or the teachers or anyone else you come across in reality where you needed to behave a certain way. And from my personal experience, I grew up in a household with two very egotistical parents. Both my mother and my uh father were very headstrong, very driven. and they demanded specific behaviors from me and my siblings. And so as young children, of course, you you either want to please your parents or you want to be loved by your parents or you want to irritate your parents. And then you you typically perform a certain way. And you can sometimes mold yourself on the characteristics and traits of your parents. And for my personal experience and what I've learned from studying psychology is that what typically happens is that you can sometimes lose or not get connected to the true nature of who you are because you've suppressed your true nature in preference for performing for the people around you to be liked and supported and loved. And so what happened to me living in my household, which was a very um how can I say this? There was a lot of verbal and emotional abuse in in my home growing up. And I experienced a lot of childhood trauma and shame. And all of that was left unresolved because it was ne I was either too young to to make sense of it. And of course I couldn't reveal my true self or my true emotions because obviously that's something my parents would not accept or did not want or want or could not process themselves. So what happened was who I was inside was feeling unworthy and unloved and there was a lot of unprocessed and repressed thoughts and emotions. And of course as you're a child that becomes your childhood wound which then becomes the inner conflict that you carry as a as a young adult. And because it's unresolved, it kind of metabolizes into this uh into this resentment, into this anger, into this uh aggressiveness because it's emotions that have never been re reconciled. They're kind of wild thoughts and emotions. And what happened to me an am is I became this very headstrong and willfully ignorant person that was completely attached to my identity. Very driven and determined where my way was obviously the best way and everyone else was wrong. And of course when your way your way is the best way and everybody else is wrong, you can never do any wrong. You can never make any mistakes. And of course, if you cannot recognize or accept that you've made mistakes in life, then you just carry on making mistakes and then they become the unresolved thoughts and emotions within you that add to the inner conflict within. And for my personal journey of going through life as this very headstrong ego, this psychological mask, which was really a false version of myself, is that I was developing these unsustainable career choices and relationships because I never really connected with my true self when I was young. So, I never really knew what I wanted or what I liked. And so, I was going out and trying these different things. And of course, if you're meeting someone from a false point, from a false stance, from a false personality, then you're building a relationship that's false. So that relationship can never sustain because eventually parts of your true self do bold to the surface and do cause problems in relationship. So what happened to me and am is I I developed a very very chaotic life uh with a lot of failures, a lot of big failures from bankruptcy, from homelessness, losing all my possessions, becoming very ill, becoming very sick, becoming I was went through a stage of depression which lasted for over a year and a half. I mean and there were bouts there were times of my life where the depression was so bad I could not get out of bed for weeks. I mean literally couldn't answer the door and where I had become so exhausted and tired of living this life as the psychological mask that was always causing massive pain in my pro in my life, massive consequences and suffering. So it was kind of like very an up and down life. There was periods of excitement and thrill and chase and drive and determination and I would be gung-ho followed by massive failures and mistakes into periods of desperation and and pain and suffering. And that was my experience of the psycho spiritual status of being a fully fullon ego. I would be interested to know your views on that. >> Yeah. Uh this is a very um very common scenario. Uh for me personally I one of the greatest things that uh my parents could have told me is when I was growing up is they put a certain expectation on me which has really benefited me throughout life and that expectation was they told me they didn't didn't need to repeat it either. I think they just told it told me once or twice and they said whatever you do in life do it to the best of your ability. We don't really care what you do. Obviously, you know, within no limits of behavior, but whatever you do, whatever you choose to do, do it to the very best of your ability. And somehow that resonated with me, that stayed with me and uh it benefited me a lot. And so I've even though growing up I had my fair share of you know rage towards the parents not so much my mother but father disagreements this that and all manner of I used to get into a lot of fights on the streets. Um just stuff. Uh still I think now when I look back I feel that that one paradigm that God put into me really saved me that and music these between these two I think I kind of found my footing very quickly. uh by the time I was 20 21 in my early 20ies I knew exactly what I wanted to do, how I would go about doing it and I went about my business getting that done and I did it. You know uh it was a whole whole plan I came up with and I carried that plan through experienced many miracles and many many lessons about how life really works. But I learned one thing is that you've got to have a your mind needs your mind needs an anchor, an idea, something you want to do, something that I you know and once the mind has that as a kind of a unshakable decision, then the mind is free to do its stuff which is which is go out and find solutions. It's a it's the mind is a fantastic solution maker you know that's at least how I have that is the strongest part of the mind that I I have and I liken it to you know the awareness being the mind being a chariot driven by very powerful horses and the awareness being the charioteer the driver of the chariot and so if The awareness abdicates the chariot. Those horses are going to go wild. They're going to run everywhere, take the chariot with them. They're going to kill people on the road. They're going to be accidents. And it's not going to be nice. But if there is a commanding awareness, an awareness that knows how to be a good captain, a good leader, a good commander and an adept and adept at um working with those horses, you know, working with the mind to go to the d in the direction to the destination that is needed to be gone to. Then it it's it's just a fantastic uh It's a it's just it becomes really it works really well. It works really really well. And so that's how I see the role of the ego in the sense of the correct thought patterns have to be installed in that the correct paradigms have to be in there. If they are not in there then the awareness has a hard time controlling anything. not even controlling anything but has a hard time being a good leader because the awareness is the first to abdicate people's awareness is just you know the war on awareness uh you could maybe call it that I don't really know I don't call it that but there is definitely something within us and externally that prays on our awareness as such and it's our job to preserve our awareness sharpen it, make it come alive and uh not get easily distracted by just any old nonsense that comes up and just get clear. What do we want and how do we want to get to what we want? It's really not it's not uh that hard once you get the hang of it. That's how I see this whole thing. And as usual, you've described it fantastically, just really, really well. The way that you just explained the awareness being the one that's kind of in charge and calling the shots in terms of the direction which to go, that kind of really resonates with me because I I see the awareness as the the spotlight onto the mind. But also the awareness is the the point that can also cast judgment over the mind as to whether or not what the mind is thinking or proposing or uh predetermining is the right or wrong thing to do. Of course, there's the reflection side of things as well, reviewing the past, what's been done, and deciding whether or not I made the right decision in that moment, whether I could have made a better decision, and perhaps what have been what would have been the right thing to do in the context of others rather than just self. So um I think awareness is such an important part to harnessing the the egoic mind because if the awareness is not there which it wasn't when I was going through this psychosspiritual status it was just my mind was just going off in all directions and when it was getting come unstuck in in a specific purpose or a specific relationship it would go into a mode of self-sabotage destroy everything and then move on to the next purpose in the next relationship. And of course, that's just building a life full of consequences and and massive suffering and pain and all the rest of it. And I got to the point with the ego and and that I really did start to question my existence because I come to the conclusion that if all I did was go out in life, try to do something, try to make something happen, and it just ended up in a massive failure and consequence that caused me pain and suffering. I actually thought to myself, what is the point of being alive? Because I got to a stage where it caused so much pain and suffering and I didn't want to go on. That's how that's where it took me to a very dark place. So I'm going to move on to the next slide which brings me on to another psycho spiritual status that I went through which is still very much a part of me but I came out of the ego by becoming the seeker and that's the the archetype that I' I've named it as and I became the seeker when I started to question reality. Why was this happening to me? Why were so many mistakes uh happening in my life? Why could I not hold down a good relationship? Why did I keep moving from career to career? Why? Why? Why? And of course, you ask and you shall receive. Because I found that as you get deeper into um spirituality and more connected to source, when you really do hold an intention and a deep feeling towards something and you've committed to something with conviction, then there are synchronicities in life and doors start opening, things start happening in your reality that come forward and make real what you've been feeling and wanting and intending to happen. That's what I' I've experienced. But it all began with research and studying. So I went on this massive journey of trying to find out why all these bad things that happened to me in my life. Studied psychology, psychotherapy, health, fitness, nutrition, spirituality, the whole lot. And I was not only just studying it, researching it. I was putting it into practice. Yeah, I was improving my health, improving my fitness, improving my nutrition, doing all the meditation and mindfulness. And of course as this was happening and um I was having these profound realizations about myself which you do get when you're reading books and reading the perspectives of others and reading you know science literature and all the rest of it. And of course when you're having these realizations about self you're realizing that others are the same as you and they're obviously going through what you're going through. And of course you start to make sense of people. You start to make sense of reality. you start to make sense of your own personal journey and your past and for me that is when I started to go through a process of reconciliation healing within myself and that was mostly due to getting to a place of self forgiveness forgiving myself for all the harm I caused myself that I caused others and then from forgiving yourself and forgiving others you kind of um get to a place where you balance the books because once you've forgiven yourself for things that have happened, you've kind of wiped the slate clean. You haven't forgotten it. You've forgiven yourself. You're not carrying the heavy weight of shame, guilt, and blame around with you. And then once you get that place of self forgiveness, this is what happened to me is I was able to then forgive others because I realized that they had similar human conditions and faults as me. So anything that anyone had done bad to me in the past, whether it was an abusive father or whe whether it was a a mother that was emotionally distant and also abusive, I could forgive them. I forgive them for your faults. And when you start to be able to forgive others, that's when you start to or when I started to find peace within myself, started to find balance. However, the ego being the ego and am is always there in the background. And because I had developed such a very strong ego, I was going through a phase of ego reassertion. So, as I'm trying and discovering new things in life to see where my desires and my interests took me, I found that my mind, my ego was latching on to a new identity and latching on to this new purpose, for a sense of worth, a sense of being, a sense of purpose. But it took it to a place where for example I would go through spirituality and then my ego would latch on to spirituality as some think that was very significant to me and that made me more superior than others because obviously I'm on a spiritual journey now and you're not which kind of makes me better than you because you're still behind and you're still doing all these old things in life. So for me that was egoic pride, being stubborn again, being fixated on an identity and purpose. And that was the ego pretending to be spiritual. Because when you're spiritual, from my perspective, and my experience, when you're really connected with the source, you really are at peace and at balance with the world within you and outside. So for me going deeper into spiritual practices of mindfulness of meditation of sort of spending time alone with myself and learning to disidentify with the mind and being non-reactive to fall. I found that as a good way to to be at peace and to to not get overtaken by the egoic drive to find a place in the world. Although don't get me wrong that's important. Are you familiar with what I've just sort of described there in terms of >> spiritual? I think this is a very important part of maturing growing um as a human being in relationship to ourselves. I mean what does that even mean in relationship to ourselves? There's the you know there's no two within that having ideally there shouldn't be you know two people having a relationship inside but it's a it's an act expression that'll do and also relationship with others and our relationship with our surroundings. Uh it's very important knowledge and assimilation and integration of that knowledge. These things take time and uh one of the lessons I've learned over time, one of the greatest for me is just be patient. These, you know, things take time. Uh nothing is just going to suddenly bloom and become amazing. Just going to have to be patient and just do the little things every day that'll add up. you know if there's whatever needs you know we all know what we need to be doing I really do believe that everyone actually knows what they need to be doing and then the only choice is am I doing it or not you know uh once certain things fall into place then these stages become quite uh quite enjoyable in a sense I when I went through the seeker stage and still you know that as you said the seeker is a very you know one should always remain a seeker to be honest always be the eternal student I say always be learning something or the other keeps life fresh and alive and uh makes makes the day worth going through in a in a you know in a great way. So when I was in my stage, I had a great time. I found work in a new age shop in one of the biggest new age shops in Europe at that time. So it in other words it was very well stocked with all manner of stuff and uh coming you know coming into that new age world there was a lot of alternative thinkings and schools of thoughts and that was immediately opened up and I just took all that on and you know being in new age sales you very quickly figure out what's garbage and what's not. And in the new age especially or in any in any schools of thinkings and philosophies and all the you know things of this world 99% of the new age is absolute just garbage. It's just junk. However, it's important. You can't say that when you're in it. You know what I mean to say is that that's the the authority to say that to find that outcomes later when when you're going through all the you know the rosy crusians who say this and oh and the the what was that the book of miracles no what was it science of miracles something the big thick book that is so obscure but people love it it's very famous book anyway all these you know so you know, the aura sprays and aura photographies and raiki and this and that and amazing just hypnotherapy and subliminal affirmations and ah binaural beats. It's just incredible. So enjoy that when you're in it. Don't be going around a that's fake. Don't do any of that. Just enjoy it. I loved it. I loved all the Deepak Chopra. I mean I didn't actually. Deepak Chopra. You look at his face. I'm an Indian. I look at Deepak Chopra's face and I know, come on, man. You can't take this. That's a scammer right there. He could very well be working. Hello, your computer is got a virus. We are from the Microsoft company. Would you like to us to test your computer? He could very well be running a one of those scam centers. You know those Indians. Deepak Chopra will only be able to be convincing to white folks. I think no Indian would take him seriously honestly. He's now obviously been implicated in some other matters that are far more serious. But um you know all these this stuff there's so much amazing David Ike books. I was selling David Ike books and I got very curious and I was like wow this guy is amazing. The research you know I don't know if the research is true is not but the his capacity to research is cannot be denied. It's unbelievable. research ability. Just that alone was very admirable. And uh I think the seeker stage I recommend that if you're in it, you better be in it for life. It's a very good way to live. Then learn to enjoy it cuz it's quite tough. It can be very tough to assimilate new ideas sometimes. However, um I wouldn't want to be any other way. You know, it's just such a great way to live for me. Do you know what I mean? >> Well, it's going on a a journey of discovery, isn't it? You you're going out there and you're lifting up the stones. You're exploring. You're you're trying these new things and it is fun and it is enjoyable. And and the wonderful thing about it is that you going through the experience, you are experimenting with things and you're finding out for yourself what's real and what's not. What works and what does not work. What is fact and what's fiction. And of course once you've done a specific thing and you've taken it to a certain stage and you've come to some realizations about it, you kind of move on to the next thing and you and that becomes a part of you that you carry with you onto the next thing that you're seeking out and experiencing. So it is a fun place to be at. And of course like you just pointed out earlier anam the seeker never goes away. The seeker is integrated. It's a part of you. It's something that rotates within you. From time to time, you do seek out new things whether it's a part of your mission purpose or whether it's just something that your intuition is guiding you towards because it feels right at that time to be doing it. So the seeker as a psychosspiritual status yeah 100% a very important and the fun part which brings me on to the next one which is the observer. So I became deeply involved with observing not just what's going on inside me but observing the reality outside of me. So I was doing a lot of studying my mind. I was really developing my awareness and really being be beginning to see the patterns of thought. Begin beginning beginning to see the correlation between my thoughts and my actions. And also as a result of the research that I was doing from reading the books and all the seeking, I was beginning to see all of the false assumptions and conclusions that my mind was making about reality without any verifiable proof or facts to substantiate what I was thinking. >> Yeah. And of course what once you can see that see the the the deception and faults of and the false thoughts and conclusions of your own mind then that right there stops you from taking any subsequent actions that are going to lead to mistakes based on false information. Right? So I went through that stage that was really powerful and really good. And then of course from there you're studying what others say and do. So whether that's your family members, your friends, your work colleagues, whether it's the the leaders of the nation state who are up in the podium talking about specific things, whether it's looking at a newspaper, watching something on YouTube, you're studying what others say and you're learning their patterns and you're learning their faults and you're realizing that they too come to false assumptions and false conclusions because they've not verified the information that they're learning or they're preaching and they're teaching. And I got to a stage where I began to not trust or rely upon others because I myself could not trust my own mind or rely upon my own mind that was deceptive towards me towards me. So studying my own mind, studying what others do and really beginning to pay attention to the world, really beginning to observe and question reality and society around me. Because if I had this mind that was deceptive and sometimes inaccurate false then and others had this same mind then maybe certain aspects of the way society was structured was false and deceptive. And of course when these profound events uh in society come along whether it's recessions whether it's wars whether it was 911 the recent pandemic and all the rest of it your or my observation is really honed in to looking for the deceptions looking for the false looking for the false assumptions and conclusions. And of course, when you do that, you are um self-exposing yourself to the ugly truths of what's really going on. You're beginning to see what's really going on behind the lies and the deceptions. And that was when I began to have these really profound realizations that the world was nothing like what I thought it was or what I was taught to believe it was. And I came to the conclusion very early that the world was crazy and a very dangerous place and that most people most people in this world were just like me traumatized lost and psychopaths operating with fake personality. And I'm not sure about you, Anaman, but I see everybody that's completely attached to the identity as being a psychopath because the psycho is the mind and they've chosen the path of the mind. They are taking the path of the psycho. And so I see everyone's completely identified with the mind, identified with the illusion of the mind as being some sort of psychopath, which is pretty much why we've got all these problems going on in the world that never seem to get fixed because everyone is stuck in this mental loop of going around and around and around the same trauma, drama, and karma. Does anything that I have just stated there make sense to you? >> Absolutely. I I agree 100%. It's a uh it's a fascinating journey and you know for me the observing stage really uh really was focused not only outwards but mainly inwards where I became interested in being present just being present in this moment. in those days because I found this book by Eartole called the power of now and in those days it was a bestseller. It just kind of been released and it was doing really well in the market. So you could see you saw a lot of it in book trs and one day I just happened to pick it out what is this and power of now and uh I'm fairly powerless. I don't know what I'm doing. So let's what is this power of now? let's have a look at it. And I completely got hooked on it. uh applied what he was talking about in the book and really went down a real journey inwards and uh it was the most fascinating journey where so many you know once you start observing the contents of the mind uh it's just you don't need any other entertainment I don't think When people say, "Oh, I'm hooked to this TV show," or, "Oh, I can't, you know, get enough of uh scrolling on Instagram," I always think, "Well, just try observing your mind for 24 hours. You'll never want for entertainment ever again. Nothing is more comical. Nothing is more hilarious. Nothing is more deluded. Nothing is more full of illusions. Nothing will ever distract you so much. Nothing will is ever that relentless in in its entertainment. It's it will never there's no breaks, no, you know, advertising breaks or nothing. It's a constant stream of entertainment that you can access 24/7 whenever you want. And it's right inside right here. All you need to do is observe, right? And from then it's not a it's not a very long leap from them from there for the for that observer to then ask that question. The question that changes everything is who is observing? The way I like to put it is okay, if we all just take a nice easy deep breath in and out then who is aware that it is silent right now and that's the way I like to point. If someone's struggling with the who is observing business then okay how do you know it was silent in that moment who who recognized that what inside you recognized that what dimension inside us recognized that and uh I think the observer must at least in my experience must eventually ask that inevitable question okay well who's who's obser who's doing the observing How do I know that? Who's watching the my mind? Who who is inside me watching my mind? What what's what is what's going on here? You know, and and I think from that point on, life will never be the same for that individual because now awareness is is on a very different journey. It's going to now start wanting to be aware of itself. And that's the best way I can put it. There's no way to describe these things. Words are very limited, but that's the best way I know how. Anyway, over to you, Russ. That was a a really good explanation. Thanks very much for sharing that with us. And um it is a very powerful um journey getting to a point where the awareness is is observing the mind and not just observing the mind but also being amused by the mind. The musing of the mind. >> Exactly. And one of my one of my favorite moods is solitude >> to to be alone with the playground of the mind. And I I have found in my own personal experience um going through the psychosspiritual conditions is that from the point of the awareness that you're able to to nudge the mind you're able to perfect you know yeah to to caress the mind to provoke the mind yeah >> true leadership starts emerging at that point I feel self leadership self- responsibility truly starts at that point where you know it you know these must be natural natural organic movements within you know you know what you don't do is listen to this video and then go all right then I'll start I'll start asking the question. Who's observing the No, no. That's No, no, no, no, no. You just stay the observer. Eventually, it'll come to you. It will inevitably sooner or later you'll snap out of the distractions and you'll go, "Well, oh, hold on. Who's observing all this? Who is this observer inside me?" So, let that arise naturally. This is for the audience. uh you know and so so these are all they have to be organically they have to emerge you know and then as you're saying uh it will occur to you that oh well okay if the dog is just going crazy in the house how do I then make the dog understand that this is not going to work and if we're going to if we're both going to stay in the same house and we both love each other then we have to have boundaries ies beyond which your behavior cannot is not acceptable. Right? And okay, well, how do I then form boundaries which are healthy? What are healthy boundaries? Do I even know? I thought I knew, but those were my parents' boundaries. What are my boundaries? You know, and and it's it's fascinating at that point because true leadership starts emerging. At that point, the individual is mature enough to take full to start understanding self- responsibility I don't think before that stage self- responsibility can truly be can truly emerge from the inside it can be understood as a concept lived out as a concept you know like monks in monasteries I don't think most of them understand anything about what they all their monkish stuff that lives that they live most of them have no clue they They're just following concepts and ideas that are imposed from the outside and then some of them go through this organic stuff and then they start asking the right questions. Uh I have a meme on my phone. It's a great meme. It simply says the quality of your life is determined by the quality of your questions. And I just I just love that meme so much. Anyway, Russell, over to you. >> Thank you for that. And self- responsibility is a quality of sovereignty. So I'll move on to the next slide. I then experienced and I still do to a certain degree experience a psychosspiritual status known as the redeemer. So when I got to a certain stage in my personal growth, my journey of personal growth and development um and learning all these truths and facts about reality and starting to adjust my life and make good decisions and good actions which began to develop and elevate my consciousness and my state of being and doing and all the rest of it. I obviously wanted to to make amends for any wrongdoing that I did in the past. I had I felt this strong compulsion and desire inside to take the good work that I was doing for myself within myself and for myself and then share that with others in the world because as within so without right whatever's going on inside is eventually going to express itself and manifest as your reality outside and so I wanted to reach out to start doing good um and I experienced um making men's as being something that was accepted by few but rejected by most. So for example, I would learn this new um nutritional practice, this new fitness practice that I knew through trial and error, through experience and experimentation worked and improved your health. And of course, I wanted to share that with family members. Uh a new type of diet, a new way of eating specific type of foods that I knew would improve their health. And they just wasn't interested. >> They just didn't they didn't want to change their habits. They didn't want to know. They would go, "Oh, yeah, that's great. That's wonderful. I can see it's, you know, helped you." Because obviously I'm I'm showing the results as well. This isn't just me speaking about it. And they didn't want to know. And I found that very disturbing. You know, for example, my mother's going through um some very poor health conditions at the moment that I know is related to the poor food that she's putting into her body. So, I'm sitting down and I'm trying to explain to her because you're eating these highly acidic foods, it's creating dysfunction and disease at a cellular level, blah blah blah blah blah. If you just change your food so it's more alkaline because that's the natural diet for a human nutrition, alkaline food, your health is going to improve. Not interested. Would rather go down to the doctors, take the pill and uh whatever medication she get so she can continue eating the bad food. I found it with my brothers. I found it with the people that I would speak to to share the good news about the, you know, the right way of doing things. Most people shunned it. And there were a few instances where I went and did charity work because I again I felt this strange uh strong compulsion to get out there and do some good and where I had experience alcohol and drug addiction in the past when I was very egoic on that that that nightmare of a journey in my life. I decided that I wanted to go and help people with drug addictions. Yeah. So, I actually signed up to go and work for this uh to do not sponsorship, >> volunteer work. Yeah. At this local drug center. So, I've arrived at this local drug center. Brilliant. I'm actually going to do some good. I'm actually going to give back and help these people that got drug addictions. And the first day I arrived there after 4 hours, I wanted to leave. And the reason I wanted wanted to leave is because I discovered just by observing and see what's what they were doing that all the people that had heroin addictions, they were just coming in to pick up their prescriptions for methadone, which is another opioid. So they could go out and just take uh methadone instead. And I recall sitting thinking, hang on, this is crazy. You're swapping one drug addiction for another drug addiction and this is helping people. So I I didn't go back there after the first day. And there was other u situations where I would help people and and have a negative experience. I'll give you one more. I remember when I was u in in Turkey in a um seaside um tourist place called Bodram and I'm walking down this street. It's a really really hot day and it's there's a shopping center on the right. And I'm going down this street, hustles and bustles of people. And I noticed that this this woman about 100 yards in front of me, she's holding um a a a baby in a cradle around her around her body and a makeshift cradle and she's walking up to everybody and asking for money, asking for money. So I can see this 100 yards away because obviously I'm really switched on and aware of what's going around me. And I felt really bad for this woman because everyone's shunning her, everyone's rejecting her and just walking park. So I thought, you know, I'm going to do a really good deed here. So I walked up to her and I went, "Here's some money." And I gave her the equivalent of 20 English pounds in Turkish Lero. And I thought, "That'll do her. Now she can get off the streets, go and get herself some food and all the rest of it." So I then walked off and I've come back from being having a drink in a cafe and I've come back to the same route an hour later. She's still there. She's still there begging for money on the streets. Now, I couldn't get wrap my head around it because everyone's shunning her and there's no way anyone else had that come up up to her and give her 20 quid that day. And I would have thought she'd be gone, "Wow, what a result. Let's get me and my baby out of this heat and go somewhere and feed ourselves." No, she was still on the street. She noticed me and she'd come walking up to me and running after me and doing that, gesturing for more money. And I was kind of shocked by that. I said, "Listen, I've already I've already given you money." Yeah. trying to explain this to obviously with two different languages, but she wasn't having none of it. So I I said, "Look, sorry, I have to go." And I walked off. As I walked off, she started chasing me down the road. And as she's chasing me down the road, she's going, "Allah, Allah, Allah." And I turn around, I stopped. I went, "So, what are you doing?" She went, she pointed up the sky. She went, "Allah, Allah, Allah." And then gave her a hand suggested for more money. Someone said to her, I said, "Look, I'm ever so sorry." And I'm trying to explain to her using expressions and sign language as well because it's she doesn't understand English that much. I said, "It's not Allah. It was me. I did the good deed. I gave you the money." Anyway, she continued screaming, "Allah, Allah, Allah." and she was causing such a scene that a local uh a cab driver that was driving past saw it, stopped, got out of his cabin, like shoo her away because he kind of must have thought this woman's harassing this man. So things like that, trying to do a good deed, trying to help someone in a very bad position and then being harassed by the person and having a bad experience. Doing a good deed and have a bad experience. That seemed to be something that happened to me quite a lot. So I became very disillusioned and very disappointed with people with reality and I was not seeing any significant change. bad things were still happening when I was doing good things. And I was noticing a lot of problems within people within society that were never fixed, were never resolved, that were going around in circles, but yet they were so easy to resolve. So what eventually happened and um is that I got to a point where I started to feel really isolated, really felt stranged from the world around me. I just could not make sense of why things were the way they were and I could not connect with anything and I had this really strong distaste for reality and that's when I started to go deeper within myself. I started to find solitude within the playground of my mind because I discovered that I could imagine a reality that was far better than a world out there. And also this reality that I could see and I could imagine my own mind came with some very good feelings. Yeah, I was having a good experience just imagining things in my mind of how good things be good. And that's when I started to develop this very strong connection with source. I started to receive these very powerful visions and inspirations that led me to establishing the private society and going into sovereignty uh and everything else that I've done from that point onwards and I was beginning to be prompted and guided by my intuitions. So I was having this I was being pointed whenever I would ex observe reality my awareness would always point me towards a specific aspect to reality to say this feels good this feels right continue with this yeah this is what you need it was kind of like a sense of knowingness and I also start started to develop precience which is a strong sense of knowingness a strong sense of knowing something before it happens. So for example, when we experienced that pandemic, I already knew the moment that happened, I already knew that that was totally not what it was being purported to be or being presented to be. I already had a strong feeling inside that something was terribly wrong. This was not right. And I became even more isolated from reality because I was watching the world around me, the people around me go into a crazy head tail spin, you know, as they're watching the news and they're, you know, they're really believing everything that's happened. I was just like, no, this this is not right. This I didn't believe any bit of it. And that's the point I got as I tried to become the redeemer and tried to do good in a world which for me was like trying to do good in a world that was full of bad. That was kind of my experience. Um what are your views on on that? >> It's a very interesting topic. Uh personally for me in my life I grew up in India. So uh making me into any kind of redeemer is is impossible. You know that scenario you describe in Greece in Turkey. I already knew you know cuz like if you'd been Turkish you wouldn't have had that experience. you are a white westerner with money and you know so so the so the game changes at that point. Uh personally for me I think being Indian saved me from a lot of uh ideas or uh approaches that um I may have felt you know to help my fellow man. I just I'm not built that way either, you know? I truly even personally I don't like if someone's sick, I I'm like, "Oh my god, please get well soon. I don't want to have to take care of you cuz I'm just not built that way. I'm not I'd rather hire someone else who likes taking care of there are plenty of people who love taking care of others. Great. I I'll hire you. You do what you do best so that I don't have to do what I do not do very well, you know, or don't want to. I'm just not not wired that way at all. Uh however, of course, if someone needs care and attention, then it is provided with the most impeccable in the most impeccable manner. That's not a problem. So, this stage kind of never really I never really dug into it so much. I think in my very early Christian days, I I became a Christian for a while. We used to go out on the cold winter nights into the West End, central London, take some sandwiches and give it to the homeless. And for me, that was more of an exercise in curiosity is how do the homeless here? I mean, you know, they're not poor at all, you know, as an Indian is laughable. Really, you're just homeless. You're not poor. Really, I'm offering you freaking McDonald's, man. Come on. You know, you're not poor. you really don't know about poverty yet. uh it was more of an experiment or a curiosity to find out how do the the poor and the homeless in in Britain uh compared to the actual poor and the homeless in somewhere like New Delhi or you know in Indian places and of course I wasn't disappointed I remember clearly one time it was absolutely freezing we were out there with our little freaking sandwiches, doing the good work of the Lord. And uh there's this homeless man. I asked him, "So, I've got chicken, I've got beef, and whatever else I had, whatever." And he says, "I can't eat those, man. I'm vegetarian. There's homeless. Genuine bonafide homeless. I'm vegetarian." And I just the culture that was culture shock for me. like when I thought I had heard him correctly or something. I don't know what we got into a discussion and I started asking questions. So, how did you and he was like, "Oh, well." And anyway, I walked away just completely so beused by the whole situation and it really reinforced my view that yeah, they're not they can afford their poverty around here, you know, they can afford it. They can afford to be poor. In fact, every homeless person I I talked to and I tal I had lengthy conversations, many of them in groups in in you know just one-on-one everywhere all the time for for like quite a few for almost a year. And I found that uh it wasn't poverty that was the reason for their homelessness. It wasn't that they didn't have enough. It wasn't not in a single case. It was other things like drug addiction. It was uh poor in other words it was poor self-management rather than actual poverty. Whereas in India the you you you have poverty that will curl your toe to toes really it it will it you know can't imagine. However, these are some of the best self-managed, most content, most peaceful people you'll ever have the good fortune to meet. And so, it's it's like um they are poor not because of they're they're on the streets not because of poor self-management. They're actually poor. They actually don't have money. You know, no government's going to there's no grants. There's no nothing. There's nothing nothing's happening for them ever. They will they will they live like that. They'll die like that. It was very amusing. That gave me the real difference between the western society, the western civilization and the you know as the the other side of this world. And so I mean you know I believe in being self-responsible as part of a bigger system by part of a bigger group and it is incumbent it is an obligation it is a duty uh whatever the reasons I don't care if I'm on the street and I I'm hungry I don't care if you're doing it out of compassion or duty it doesn't matter to me just do something give me some food Right. So, uh I don't you know I feel that it doesn't matter but it action u action that elevates elevates us it is our duty no matter whether what we believe in what we don't believe in what that none of that matters you know a piece of bread is a piece of bread is a piece of bread that's it doesn't come it shouldn't be coming with philosophies attached to you know, uh, someone asked me, well, how much should I give the poor? I said, I don't know. He said, well, how do you do it? What would you do? I said, I would thrust my hand into my pocket. Whatever cash comes out, I'll hand it over. That's it. Well, then what if he doesn't, you know, like what if he goes out and buys more drugs? I said well that's none of my business once I decided to give the money that has now become my decision it has got not my money doesn't come with conditions well you should always yes I will recommend hey you know don't don't get your next fix with this this is for your food but that's because I'm putting a spell on that on that money a guiding spell you know a spell that is so that my obligation, my duty is clean. You know, now if you go and buy drugs from that money, it doesn't matter to me. I don't care. That's not why I gave you the money. I gave the money with a recommendation and a guideline and that's it. But I'm free of the money and I'm free of you, you know. But if I walk away and my, you know, I'm like, "Oh, no. I need the money more. No, no, no. Well, next time if I see him, then I'll do it." And I've gone through all those stages, then I'm immediately I'm tied. I I there's I'm now tied perhaps not to that person but to that situation. That situation is going to come back and test me again, you know. So in case of the redeemer stage, I don't believe it's a stage. I believe it's a it's a status. Exactly right. Psychospiritual status. Exactly right. That should be a that's how one should be. But with the right non-attachments, with the correct, you know, you can't go around tethering yourself to every every poor person or situation you come across. It's got to be just a very not naive, very clean, very good. If you decided to give, give. If you don't decide to give, no harm, no foul. Don't walk around with a indulging in a guilty conscience because you know what would be the point of that? You didn't decide to give. End of story. you know, that's how I see all of this. Anyway, over to you. >> Yes, thank you very much for sharing that with us and that's very important what you've just highlighted there. And from my experience uh with with homeless people redeeming and giving, I quickly came to the conclusion that there are different types of homeless people obviously from the opportunists and the grifters and then the genuine people that you can spot easily spot just by talking to them. and they haven't got this shows dance this story. They are generally in a bad situationally or physically and they are there because they have no other choice but to be there >> for sure. >> And I and I get affected really deeply by those type of people. And I and I remember not so long ago, I think it was about a year or so ago, I was in a place um in North Macedonia and I see I was walking around the town again getting close to the water, this lake and I noticed that there was this young boy. He must have been three or four years old and he was walking around from table to tables asking asking for money and I could see him. I was observing watching him and the reason I was he caught my eye because he looked just like my son did when he was four years old. So that's what caught caught my eye and I see him and I kind of paid attention to him and he walked off and as I was walking along the coast I see him on a um on a sheet with a little bowl out obviously for money and I felt you know I'll go and give him some money. I give him a sizable bit of money and and as I walked off I actually broke down crying. I actually bro it affected me one because it reminded me of my son and two I was so distraught that us as humans as a society of people would allow four-year-old kid to walk around like that begging for money on the streets. A four-y old kid it's like a baby. like a baby, a defenseless baby on the streets. How could where are the parents? Where where are the the leaders of our society? How have we got to a place where this is happening? Of all the wealth, all the money, of all the abundance, how can we have a society like this? And of course, you know, these questions I was asking myself took me further into the journey of of sovereignty, which is what I'm going to bring on us onto this next slide. the sovereign as a psychosspiritual status. Um there's no specific reason why I put that image there. It just it was something that I was kind of drawn to. So I just thought why not? I put that image there um as an icon for sovereignty. And what I began to do is I began to obviously question reality, observe reality, be disillusioned and disappointed reality. felt isolated and estranged from reality. So I began to think to myself, surely I can't be the only one who's seeing this. Surely I can't be the only one who's thinking this, questioning this. Surely I can't be the only one that's, you know, having this experience of reality where I'm completely disenfranchised with what's going on. There must be others. And of course, you ask, you shall receive, right? Because when you're connected to source and you want a specific experience and you ask for it and you're committed and you've got conviction, it comes into your life. So as I'm kind of you know watching observing social media channels and I came across this private society in America called Panta. And as I went on their website, they were presenting um themselves as a society for peace where you could become a private member and learn how to become sovereign. and everything about the information they were presenting in terms of finding um independence and freedom from the nation state becoming um someone who's self-responsible and self-actualized someone who self-determined self-directs and self-governs your own life independent from another authority this was all making sense to me so I decided to become a member of this private society and that's when I um studied all their foundational knowledge all their material material that they had gathered about the world structures and the world systems. And of course, I was beginning to realize about the deceptions and corruptions of all the nation states, not just the United Kingdom, but the Americas, Europes, Africas, and so on and so forth. And obviously coming to the the the sad realization that citizenship is a form of modern-day slavery. you know, slavery to a system of debt bondage, um, wage slavery, tax slavery, and every other form of bondage that you have to the banking monetary system and to the legislations and statutes and acts of the government that are all designed to control and extort a society of people who have gathered together as citizens of a nation state. So I was learning about all that, learning about the legal systems, learning about all the laws that we are all bound to as citizens of a nation state and learning how to unwind from the system and how that can be done with a lawful procedure known as a status correction. And so becoming sovereign for me was learning about sovereignty and learning about sovereignty in a context or or the juxiposition of citizenship. And so I have reached a personal status in my life where I've come to realize that sovereignty as an internal experience as a spir psychosspiritual status is a status of awareness and knowledge that you have the absolute power and inherent right to self-determine, self-direct and self-govern the matters of your own life and estate in accordance with your own freedom. will and personal conscience doing so with freedom and independence from any other authority in this world and I would be very interested to get your perspective on that. Yes, I think it's a wonderful. This last slide is very well put. independence from any other authority in this world doing so with freedom uh aligned with free will personal conscience it's very well very well put together and I think uh these values this must become valuable if this uh you know in in my life the way I have lived my life for the last couple of decades. It these are the things that personally hold the most value for me. And if any of this is impinged upon, then I must determine if the predator is stronger than me or not. That's the only question. There's no other question. I I don't bother with any other question because in reality there is no other question. There's only one question of thriving and surviving and surviving and thriving in this world. Is is any predator that I encounter stronger than me or not? Do I have the power to retain sovereignty or must I sacrifice it sacrifice it because the one praying the predator is stronger right those the only questions that are concerning that throws out that frees up so much mind processing power because now I'm not concerned with fancy philosophies and Emmanuel Kant and Gurf and Osho and freaking Sudguru and you know this religion and that holy book and this NLP and that and blah blah blah blah. It frees up my world to look at it as reality is which is it's a predator and prey system. Nothing and no one is outside that. And how do I become someone who is able to live effectively with as much sovereignty uh intact as possible, right? And for me that's that must become more valuable than the trinkets and bobbles of this world. It must become more valuable than paying the rent, paying the bills, this that all the rest of it. Because it seems to me that as long as we are chasing the the stuff of this world then this will not be valuable and our mind won't find solutions won't attract the solutions that will get us to sovereignty because it's not as valuable to us. However, it with this as the ultimate value, it is not that hard to pay the rent. It's not that hard to do meaningful work in life and all the things, you know, status correction, the inner status correction happens. And so I I stand by this. You couldn't torture this out of me. I will just always say that, you know, you you can choose to be a slave or not. I don't choose to be a slave. What does that mean in terms of legal this and passport and flying here and there? Well, in my opinion, you know, get your own plane otherwise. So, but if you're going to use other people's services that they are providing, then there's a way to do it, you know, where you know, but what happens is the people confuse services provided with their sovereignty. I think a lot of times noobs when you know I'm a noob in this it's easy to confuse that well no I'm a sovereign person and yeah oh co and go and get your own air strip and get get your own airport and get your own airplane then why are you flying with these people right if you're that sovereign why do you need them and but there's a way to do it that um you know preserves sovereignty and then other times Each each one of us must ask can I be bothered? Can I is this valuable enough for me to pursue it? You know, I ask that question. The inner world is is is not the thing with me personally. It's the outer systems and how to coordinate with them. For me, I feel that the word coordination works better for me because this system is here right now today. It's here. It's a reality. And to to hide behind, you know, one can't just hide behind sovereignty and say, "Ah, well, all is well and now I'm sovereign and my status is all corrected and uh right, off I go to Greece to have a great time and the government will pay for it." Yeah, okay. That's a great idea. But you know I would need to be a lot more of an expert in these matters before uh if I don't even know if that is how it even works you know so I personally don't think it works like that but I'm open to knowing more. So this is where I kind of I'm kind of thinking out loud here. This is where I stand with it with the whole legal sovereignty. However, this last slide guys, if you've listened till this far, if you watched so this far, I'm telling you if this become does not become your ultimate values in reality, not just in your head, ah I'm a sovereign. actually as you live life if you don't live life like this then um you know then you really things will always be upside down inside you that's how I I would say what do you think Russell >> I I think what you said is 100% spot on we are living in a reality that is that has been has structures and systems that are wellestablished and well perfected. So there's no escaping this reality by going into spirituality, but spirituality is obviously important. But we need to be able to coexist with this reality and we need to be able to access all the services and the benefits that that uh facilitate life. Sovereignty obviously is getting to a position uh within yourself where you have a strong constitution of knowing who you are, what you are, why you are here. You have your mission and your purpose and you are able to to hold yourself um without willingly or unknowingly or unconsciously handing over your power to other people um without having any comprehension of exactly what it is they're doing with your life or your estate in the context of a society. And so the path of the sovereign is all about the awareness and the knowledge of the structures and the systems of this world out there so that you can navigate that world out there. So you can coexist in that world out there without getting entangled or bitten by the predators and the parasites. and where you can conserve your energy, protect your energy, and actually start to build um a good life within this system and also become a benefactor and a contributor to turning things around and hopefully contributing systems and structures and services that you create as part of your mission and purpose and that you give to the world to hopefully turn things around. So now that we've spoken a lot about sovereignty from the internal spiritual psychosspiritual status and obviously getting to a point where we can self-determine, self-direct and self-govern, we would then be at a point where we undergo a personal transformation. So sovereignty out there in external world is achieved with the study, integration and execution of lawful documents and procedures that actually creates real change to your status in relation to the society that you live in. And at the same time as you go through the process of studying, integrating and executing these lawful documents and procedures, you are elevating and evolving your spiritual psychosspiritual status and power in relation to the world around you. So for instance, we've all all had that experience. You mentioned it earlier about the book power of now >> with echarto. Is that right? Is that his name? Did I say that right? >> That's right. >> I've read that book. I've read that book and what a fantastic book that is and that book changed me. No doubt about it. That book changed me. I had a a transformational experience reading that book and I read it >> subsequent times after that. >> Yeah. >> The same the same thing anam when you decide to go on the jerk of a status correction in relation to the world around you so that you can achieve sovereign status. You will go undergo a personal transformation when you study and execute all the lawful documents and procedures. You know, you are going to go on a on a journey of elevating and evolving who you are and empowering yourself with the awareness and the knowledge of how the world works. Um, please add something to that. >> Yeah. No. Um it's a uh it's it's a daunting as it may seem that this is something that uh at some point we must all undertake you know with great seriousness and sincerity and uh it's got to be done. I I don't think there's a there's you know anyone interested in not being a slave. Well, there's only one other choice then, isn't there? So, that's that's where you know that's where that's how it boils down to me personally. Tell us Russell a little bit about the courses you're offering. >> Yes, of course. So the what what I have is a sovereignty academy. So what would happen is um someone would become a private member of our private society. Um they would then get um access to a private members account on our website and they have their own members area where they could access um free so sorry two master courses and free master classes which um teaches the member about achieving what we call a private status and establishing a private estate which is separate and independent from the public because all citizens are part of a public domain of a public venue and jurisdiction which is governed by the crown estate. And so the way that we find freedom and independence from that domain is we reestablish our life and the state into a private domain um that operates distinctly separate and independent. We also have um a sovereignty master class that teaches um our members about all the laws of the world. So that would be everything from the law of commerce, the trust law, contract law, the law of equity, all the laws that everybody needs to know when it comes to um operating the different aspects of their life in context of society. Because once you understand the laws, then you know how to establish and structure your life. You know how to form trusts and contracts with other people in society in a way that you can protect your interests from any mechanisms of control and extortion. And we also have um a master class that teaches um people about the the world structures and systems as it's all currently set up. everything from banking to religion to to government to politics um to the military absolutely everything that forms this current world system so people have a good understanding of what's going on and why it's going on and we have a master class that teaches people about a project that that's in in its um development stages at the moment which is called a private benefit so that we can create a a new system of value exchange change that is independent from the current global banking monetary system, a a fair and balanced value exchange. So, anyone that becomes a private member, they can come onto our website, get access to their own um members area and they can access all these modules and I offer offer a mentorship program where they can join me once a week on live videos where I do presentation and questions and answers. So, it's a full uh immersion, a full integration into our academy, learning absolutely everything they need to know. But it's not just learning it. It's developing the skill sets, the awareness, and the knowledge of it. It's putting it into practice. It's putting it into practice. It's executing the procedures and getting specific results. So, it's a resultsbased academy. Yeah. We're we're learning it and we're applying it and we're getting the results to to make the necessary changes. So, if anyone's interested, um they could join us for a um a 10-w week um free trial of the academy and they get inside, we walk them through all the foundational knowledge that they need to know before they make a final decision as to whether or not they want to go the whole way with things because um achieving a sovereign status takes just under two years. So, this is, you know, this is not light and easy. This is a a very involved process, a huge commitment, a huge undertaking, a huge personal transformation to go through this over two years. Um everything about your life will change after doing this two-year master course. And here um anam is the status correction um process document and procedure called the declaration of status. This is actually a copy of my actual document that I've created and that I've issued to correct my status in the world. This is an official and lawful document that is issued to all the high offices of the nation state of the United Kingdom and where you officially resend and cancel citizenship as you assert as you declare and notify the crown of state that you are now going to operate in in context of the society as a sovereign man or woman who is free from all forms of bondage and liability. And in this world, free will is king, right? Because if you don't have your free will or if someone has removed your free will from you because they're saying you must conform to their laws, their authority, and they do it against your free will, then that is a form of slavery. So once you've issued this declaration of status to inform and notify the crown of state that it is your free will choice from your personal conscience that you now want to operate as a sovereign independent from the crown of state then that is your free will that is done and this document is actually uh recorded and recognized in both the public and in our own private And this document once created and issued becomes an adjudicated fact of law. Which means this document stands as a fact. Everything that you express in this document to declare your new status becomes a fact of law that cannot be overturned, cannot be reproached. And that and is what we're going to talk about in part two. In part two of this presentation, we are going to get into this actual document. This is over a 100 pages this document and it has specific elements to it and we're going to deep do a deep dive into this document and the procedure in part two. I'll leave you with the final word of things. >> Wonderful. Looking forward to that. Uh and uh thank you for such detailed um knowledge of uh what for most most of us is just no one even knows right most people don't even know that these things are possible. Maybe some of us have an idea, but you make it very approachable. And thank you for saying that it's how long it takes and it's a very involved and in-depth procedure. It's not just some some little head massage that you're going to get. This is a whole different level of beast. So, uh, looking forward to part two, Russell. that should drop next Saturday in case uh we will talk about it and lock down a date for for that. And uh thank you for this one. Wonderful chat. I hope that people got as much out of it as I did. And uh with that, Russell, thank you again from all of us. And then we'll see you again in part two. >> Thank you. It's been an honor and a privilege. Thank you. >> Thank you, Russell.