TITLE: Sovereignty Part 2b - Russell Paul Grace Private Society Personal Journey
URL:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYLkHWB9wq8

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Welcome to the Nagwell Zone. I'm Anam and this is part two of Russell's own journey towards sovereignty. Hopefully you watched part one. The link is just appearing now. Go and watch that one. And then this is the wrap-up part two of uh how one man has taken himself from legal bondage, slavery to uh legal sovereignty. There are other videos on this topic. I'll put them all in a playlist. Uh check check it all out. Inform yourself so that you know how things work in this world behind the scenes and then apart from uh any further ado, let's uh go with Russell. Russell, over to you. >> Anam, thank you very much. Um, it's an absolute honor to be back here with you today and going through this second part of the presentation where we both focus on a lawful sovereign procedure known as the status correction. So, I'm going to share the screen now and pull up. Right. So, this is part two of the status correction presentation. Sovereignty begins with a declaration of status. That's what we're going to talk about in this presentation. The declaration of status um is a lawful document and procedure that allows us to resin and cancel citizenship as we assert. It's a very important document, a very crucial element of sovereignty. Here is the usual disclaimer and advisory. I don't think we need to go through this. People can obviously pause this part of the video and they can read through it in their own time. And of course I advise that people do so. Let's move straight on before I get into the actual status correction the document and the procedure just so we have a bit of contrast. The transition into sovereignty does begin from being in a status of citizenship. And citizenship is a status that is based on deception and fraud because, and this is for everybody that's watching this presentation, at birth registration, your life, my life, our lives were converted into a citizen. And the citizen is a legal title and legal person that exists as a fictional character of law. And the citizen is placed under the authority of the crown and state that has paramount control over the life of the citizen. But what's really key is that the citizen is not real. The citizen is just a legal title and legal person. It is a fictioning law that only exists as words on paper that is governed by laws which again are words on paper that have been created by the rulers of the nation state. And so you as a living man or woman are not the citizen. But unfortunately we have all been duped into playing the role of the citizen. And that's because we have all gone through the process of birth registration, which is a process of becoming a citizen through non-disclosure, through the emission of facts and truths about the implications of citizenship. And that's why we are all in the mess that we are as participants of a nation state that's in a in a terrible state of being a fallen society with all the corruption and all the rest of it. So let's do you want to add to any of this slide here before I move on and >> no I think that's very well explained. >> Good. So just a quick recap on a previous presentation we spoke about internal sovereignty as a psychosspiritual status. So I come to the conclusion that internal sovereignty is a status of awareness and knowledge that you have the absolute power and inherent right to self-determine, self-direct and self-govern the matters of your own life and estate in accordance with your own free will and personal conscience. and doing so with freedom and independence from any other authority in this world. And so that is a journey that one must go through personally to get to a point where they are at a psychosspiritual status where they actually realize their own authority and power in this world. And that was a a journey that I personally went through which we talked about in the first presentation which of course I encourage your viewers to go back and and and go through that first presentation before we get to this point here. I'm going to move on to the next slide where we now begin to talk about the external element of establish our sovereign authority in this world and that is a process of studying, integrating and executing lawful documents and procedures to elevate and evolve your psychosspiritual status and power in relation to the world around you. So in this presentation, in the next slides, we're going to actually talk about a status correction procedure that someone can go through to transition from citizenship to sovereignty. And when someone goes through this process, this procedure, just like I did, they're going to experience this very profound internal transformation. And that puts the person that goes through this, which exactly what happened to me. It puts you in a very powerful position to the world around you because obviously once you elevate and evolve your internal status and your power, then you can start to have more um effect and influence to the external world around you in terms of asserting your true nature, your true purpose, your true power and defending and protecting your position and status in life which I think an arm is very crucial especially in today's world. What's your thoughts on that? >> Yes, for sure. This is something that uh is coming out now these days. People are starting to become aware of the straw man u legal case which is which they end up representing you know and uh this is very crucial knowledge. I agree with that completely. >> Good. Let's move on to the next slide. So now we're going to get into the actual document and procedure, the lawful document and procedure known as the status correction. So this is a process that I've been through myself, one of the processes that I've been through to establish my sovereignty in this world. And what you're looking at on the left of the screen here is an actual example of my declaration of status that I have created that I have issued to establish my sovereignty in this world. And all those documents that you see layered there are actually all the documents that forms this declaration of status. There's well over a 100 pages of documents and we'll get into the different components of the documents but in a nutshell the declaration of status is where you can create and issue a sovereign document and procedure to lawfully resend and cancel citizenship as you assert your natural and inherent right to exist and operate as a sovereign man or woman with true freedom from all forms of bondage and liability to all nation state and procedure that changes your status in relation to the the rest of the world around you. And so it's a very very comprehensive um document and we're going to get into this document as we move through the slides. So my personal journey with this declaration of status is that I learned about this document procedure through an organization I joined over in America. We spoke about this in the first presentation. It was a an organization a private society called Panterabida. And so they had a doc declaration of status package. I was able to study their declaration status package and I was able to learn about the the laws and the uh processes and the meanings and the implications everything involved in the declaration. However, the problem that I faced uh an um is that the declaration of status that they had created was geared up for the United States of America. So there was a lots of um of facts in this and meanings and um terms in this document that were relevant to the United States of America but not really relevant to the United Kingdom. So the the the system of and the structures of governance and politics in America is different to the United Kingdom. So as I was going through this document and studying the document, comprehending and understanding the document, I was also realizing that there was a lot of things about the actual document itself that would not work in terms of declaring your status change in the United Kingdom. So I had to change the document, improve the document and amend the document so that it was suitable for the United Kingdom. But also I was coming across a lot of theories within the documents instead of facts. So there was a lot of conspiracies written into the document where people had um learned about certain things online put them into the document without really verifying the truth and the facts of the situation. And so as I was going through the document and because I was very switched on to to facts and truth, I was able to edit the document and take away a lot of those theories and start to really bring more truth and more facts to the document to give it more credibility and more standing and more weight. So it was a process that I went through. There was many many months comprehension and scrutiny of the documents to to understand the laws, get the facts right, perfect the actual document and that took me roughly god it was about just under three months >> just under three months on this one particular document and like we spoke about in the first presentation when you are focused on a specific subject and if you're focused on it long enough and and this subject is of of great interest and a great urgency and immediiacy to your current circumstances in life then it changes you. The information actually changes you. It's like like a good book like that book we spoke about before the power of Mau. You read that book that book changes you. And I went through a transformation just by going through this declaration of status document. It completely elevated and evolved my perspective on the way that the the governments and the politics and the nation states and the banking and the history of our nation states. It changed my whole perspective on how everything was set up in terms of the fact that we're living in a hierarchical system of control and extortion. So when someone comes into our academy and goes through this document themselves again however long it takes them because it's it's a different journey for each person that goes through this document they themselves will change they themselves will undergo personal transformation so let's get into the actual document itself an there are four elements of a status correction and it's all incorporated into this document procedure number one we have a declaration and a supporting brief. Number two is we have what is known as the severance and separation and we're going to get into what they are. Number three, there is a notice of trust and deed. And number four, there is an element of restoration and repositioning. Okay? and that's what you put into action and effectuate through the process of this document and procedure. So let's get into each one of those elements. So we begin with the declaration and the supporting brief. Again, you can see on the left side of the screen there, those are two samples of my actual declaration of of status. And the declaration itself is where we substantiate the facts of how citizenship is corporate legal bondage to a fictional character known as a legal person that operates with a diminished status under the authority of the grand state. And in the declaration part of this status correction, we express our sovereign free will to sever and separate our actual life from the citizen. Which means we then separate and sever our life from the crown state. And at the same time in this declaration we are asserting our status of a living man or woman who has the freedom to self-determine self-direct and self-govern our own life with our own private law. And so the declaration part of this document procedure is where we are declaring the facts about citizenship about the fraudulence and deception of citizenship. We are declaring the fact that citizenship is nothing more than a legal person, legal title, legal role and legal entity that was created by the crown of state as fiction in law. And we are stating the facts that we are not the citizen that we are a living man or woman and that we have the right to self-determin our own life. That's what declaration is all about. It's declaring to the crown state all the facts that pertain to the reasons why we are not the citizen and that we are indeed a living man or woman with sovereign authority and power. So when I went through the process of studying this document and amending this document, the declaration, I was going through the transformation myself of actually finding out all the reasons why I was not this citizen and all the reasons why I did have actually have the power as a living man or woman to separate my life from the citizen. Because before I actually went through the process of studying and integrating this document, I was not aware myself that I could actually separate my life from the citizen and in doing so separate my life from state. So this was a very important process for me of understanding how citizen is that citizenship through becoming a citizen is what places you into legal bondage with the crown of state. The second part of this element of correction is the supporting brief. Because if you're going to make a declaration to state the facts and state the claim that you are not the citizen and that you are a living man and that you have the sovereign authority to self-direct and self-govern your own life with independence from the crown of state, then you've got to support that with facts that can be verified by the recipients of this document. Yeah. So that so that the facts of what you so that the declaration that you're making, the claims that you're stating are indisputable. They're incontestable. Yeah. They stand as facts that cannot be rebutted and cannot be contested. And so the supporting brief, I think the document's about 30 pages in total. I remember it outlines all the historical evidence and proof of how the crown and state are part of this crown empire that over the past 2,000 years have been on this age of conquest to conquer various lands throughout Europe, Africas, Asia, Americas and over into East East Asia as far as um as far as uh Viet Vietnam have been conquering and invading lands to capture everybody into their system of control and extortion. And so in this supporting brief, we lay out all the facts and all the proof that can be verified. And it's all in chronological order, giving all the specific dates and all the specific actions that were taken by the crown state that actually captured living men and women, converted them into citizens and placed them under the control of the crown estate. And so for my personal journey of studying and integrating all these uh proofs, all this evidence, all these facts in the supporting brief empowered me with the knowledge and the wisdom of what actually happened in history that brought us to the point now where we're all stuck and trapped in this system that's getting worse and worse and worse and there doesn't seem to be any way out. So that was my experience with these specific elements of the correction. Is there anything that you want to add to this? >> No. So it's fascinating to hear the story. Um uh please next slide. I I can't like I want I want I want it to go on. >> Brilliant. Good. Let's move on to the next slide then. So the next element of the status correction of establishing your sovereignty in the external world in relation to the nation state is known as the severance and separation. And so again, if we look to the left slide here, I'm showing you four samples of my actual document where there are specific elements that sever and separate your actual life from the citizen, the crown, and the state. So let's begin with the first one. The first one, the first element there is known as the recision of all signatures. So in this part of the of the document, what we're doing is is we're making stating a claim that we are canceling all registrations, all bonds, all contracts, all trusts that we have ever formed with the crown and state from birth registration to now with all public agencies. So whether that's with the DVLA, the inland revenue, the the HM land registry, so on and so forth. We are actually cancelling all these registrations and bonds and contracts and we are canceling them based on the fact that we have found out that the whole is a deception and fraud and now we are coming forward to exercise the law of equity which is the law of laws which provides justice where there is injustice to correct the situation of the fraud and be correcting the situation by cancelling the signatures. So the signature is, and we've spoken about this before, it's the sign of your nature. It's the sign of the living man or woman that places their signature on the document to say, "Yes, I endorse this. Yes, I accept this. Yes, I bomb my life to this registration, this bump, and this contract." And the moment that we resend and cancel and revoke all signatures from all documents that we've ever formed with crown and state that in effect cancels the document that cancels the legal bondage and again this was something that I had to learn as I was reading this part of the declaration of status and understanding it and un because I didn't know prior to this docu ment that I could actually resend my signature from documents and in effect cancel the documents. That was something that was completely new to me and fascinating to find that. Of course, once you find that out, that puts you again in a position of power knowing that you can reverse things and do so lawfully just by rescending your signature. The other part is disclaiming all public trusts as we've spoken about before in previous presentations and um that we are all involved in public trust arrangements with the crown state where we have all unknowingly been designated as trustees who manage public property for the crown estate. So everything that we think is ours from real estate to the car that we drive to the business we have is actually held within a public trust and we are a trustee in the matter. We are a legal title holder with only a legal right to manage that property to manage that business to manage that real estate as a franchise of the crown and state. And so as part of the severance and separation from the crown and state, we must disclaim our position as a trustee in all public trust arrangements. And the moment we disclaim our position as a trustee, we invalidate all those public trust arrangements. We resin, cancel, revoke all those public trusts. And of course, for us to establish our sovereignty, we must state this as a declaration. We must state this as a claim in the document and procedure that we're going to send to the nation state in order to end citizenship. The next part of this is known as as an exemption from withholding. So as part of our severance and separation from the crown state, we also need to unwind from the tax registration because tax registration only applies to a citizen of the crown and state. Only a registered citizen can become a registered taxpayer and only the crown and state can tax a citizen because the crown and state owns the legal title citizen that is a franchise of the crown estate. But crown state cannot tax a living man or woman who is not registered as a taxpayer who is not registered as a citizen. And so as part of the severance and separation, as part of the status correction, we must make a declaration that we are exempt from tax withholding. The other element of this and is known as a declaration of name. Now each one of us as a citizen of the nation state has been bonded to the nation state through our family sermon. So what we actually have is we have our first and second names which are our given names which were given to us by our parents or gifted to us. Those are our true names. But the family surname that we inherited from our family lineage is actually a state created surname. It's actually a shity name and it confirms that we are a legal title and legal person within their citizen. So typically when you register for anything in the public domain, any public agency, you are recognized by the all caps name, the all caps family surname, which is the legal lynch pin that bonds you to the crown state. So as part of a status correction, as part of our severance and separation from the crown state, we must make a form of declaration that we are no longer the citizen. We are no longer um identifying with the family surname, but we are now coming forward with a new sovereign name that is our first and middle names only. And we are repurposing the family surname to become the name of the house that we are from. And by doing so, we are distinguishing ourselves from the name of the citizen. And then the final piece which is something that I had to create on my personal journey of doing this declaration of status is the royal denouncement. Because again, I learned about this from a private society over in America. Of course, they don't have a royal family. they don't have the crown over in America. So I realized when I was going through this process through this part of the document that if I was going to sever and separate myself from the crown state I also had to denounce the monarchy because each one of us um is not only a citizen of the state but we are also a subject of the crown. And so as a subject of the crown, we are deemed as being below and under the authority of the crown of the monarch. And so for there to be a true severance and separation, we need to denounce the royal crown. And so in this part of the document, the royal denouncement, we state all the reasons why the monarchy is a false claim to the throne. that is based on the false claim that the so-called monarchy has been gifted the divine rights to rule over others by God. And yet without verifiable proof that the actual God exists, the claim itself is fraudulent and false in nature. So there are many other reasons why we stipulate that the monarchy is a fraudulent claim. One of those is that you cannot claim to possess or have control over another human being against their free will choice. And also this is a selfappointed claim. So the claim is made without any true disclosure and consent from the citizens of the state. All of that is outlined in the document, the raw denouncement. That piece of the document I think is about 13 pages just on its own. So that's an important part of an element of the status correction of the document procedure known as severance and separation. What are your thoughts on that? I think this covers everything that um would be required legally to separate from any contracts or agreements uh that have been uh made without conscious consent, informed consent because that becomes fraud scamming and uh >> you Obviously people adapt to their own situation in whatever citizenship they hold or they are you know yeah and but for the UK this feels like a very very airtight arrangement. It is because the UK, if you like, was the the incubation and the development of the worldwide structures and systems of enslavement, of control and extortion that we're seeing. kind of all started in the United Kingdom and sort of as the British Empire expanded and the Commonwealth expanded that's when the mechanisms of control and extortion were developed were were migrated overseas into foreign lands and um captured the lives of everybody else. So the work that I've personally done with this declaration of status in developing the actual document for the United Kingdom and perfecting the document so it's very relevant to the established systems over here um makes this document that that I do within my academy a lot more um comprehensive indepth with details with with with statements and facts and truths about the entire system. So yeah, it's um >> and it's very important to keep it, >> you know, if if uh if it has to be within the legal system of these parasites and if they must be defeated with using their own systems, then you know like you can't have like just vague theories and like the stuff that you had to chaff out of all the American I mean I don't know Why? What the thing is they can't get Hollywood out of their blood, you know? It's it's in their blood now. It's like everyone has to be larger than life. Most of them are fat. They're actually large, which now the Brits have now taken on cuz like you know what I mean? This culture is like the lap dog of the Americans really. Whatever they do, everyone else must do. And uh it's all this you can't you can't do all that. That that's not how this works. you you don't you don't you know put conspiracies and oh you're all Freemasons and you're our all out to get us that's not what creates a legal document that's creates a Hollywood script so uh well done on for you know I can't emphasize that enough that this it has to be a sober pragmatic and legal approach rather than this nonsense that uh you know is you you can't have that in illegal. You just can't. It has to be backed by facts and uh truths. >> Yes, it does. It has to be grounded in in the facts of reality because one of the most important realizations that I went through this document is that this isn't just a document. This is an expression of your sovereign will. The words that you're writing on this paper are words that you have to stand by and that you have to defend. And so you need to make sure that you have got your facts right. You need to make sure that you are putting forward the right claims and the right statements. Uh and that's why it took me many many months to to go through this document and to to correct the document and perfect the document to a point where I was personally happy uh content, satisfied and in absolute knowing that everything that I was presenting in this document was truthful, was factual and it would actually hold up in a court of law. You know, it was it was beyond refute. And that's that's very important. And also you come to realize the fact that actually you know when you do stick to the principles of truths and facts everything becomes very very simple >> and very easy to justify defend and protect because you have to realize that you're standing in truth and fact whereas the other side are standing in deception and fraud and your truth and your facts exposes their deception and fraud. And of course now they have to do all the work to try and support to substantiate their deception and fraud which they can't do or disprove your truth and fact. And that's what makes this such a a fascinating and important document and very crucial to establishing your sovereignty in this world because it all starts with this document procedure. And that brings us on to this next element of the status correction and that is where we issue a notice of trust and deed as part of this document procedure. So let's get into those three three parts of this of this status correction. So we've got what is known as a notice of private trust. So as part of a status correction, as part of becoming sovereign, although we are rescending and cancelling citizenship, although we are leaving the public domain, leading the venue and jurisdiction of the crown estate, of course, we still all have our lives set up in the nation state, in the public domain with all the different agencies. So we still need to access all these public services to facilitate our life. And the way that we do that is we set up um a private estate trust. We've spoken about this in previous presentation. Again, I encourage your audience to go back and watch those presentations. We set up private estate trust as a living man or woman to claim the equity and rights of everything that we have vested in the public domain in the public estate. And of course, we need to notify the crown state that we have set up the private trust. You can't just set up the private trust in the private not let them know. You have to inform the crown state what you've done. You have to inform them that you've claimed converted all the equitable interest to the citizen. You've placed it into the private trust and that you're now going to control that private trust private with paramount authority. And then as part of the private estate trust, you have to send a notice of acceptance of deed. So what does that actually mean? Well, the private estate trust which is set up to claim the equity and rights that you have vested in the real estate and the business ventures and everything else that's registered in the name of the citizen. All of that stems back to the birth registration and the certificated bond that we receive from the crown estate because that birth registration certificate is a certificated bond that bonds our life and of course our state of value in the nation state to the crown as part of the status correction. is we as a living man or woman we claim and accept the birth certificate as a gift and deed in law and equity. When we accept and claim the birth certificate, we also accept and claim all the equity and rights that we have vested in the citizen and that becomes ours as an absolute title holder. Then we put place the birth certificate into the new private estate trust which then secures the equity and rights that we have vested in the citizen in this new private estate trust. And of course as part of the status correction we need to inform the crown and state that that's what we've done. We need to u let them know that we've executed a lawful procedure, an honorable procedure in law and equity to claim that birth certificate to accept it as a deed and place in the private trust. And along with that, we also need to send a notice to the crown of state that we have the paramount claim to the equity and rights of our life in the state. Because at the moment as a citizen the equity and rights of everything that we think we own has actually been claimed by the crown and state as part of the crown commonwealth which is being held and administrated by HM um HM treasury and then that's being managed by all the public agencies to which we are all involved in public trust arrangements and so at the moment they have claimed and taken control of everything that we think we own in the public domain. And so we now need to send a notice to the nation state to let them know, hold tight. I am the living man or woman. I am the creator, the earner and the acquirer of all the value that is registered in the name of the citizen. So I'm now coming forward as the living beneficiary of everything that I've created and I'm claiming it because my claim is paramount. My claim supersedes your claim. I am the one in truth in in in in facts in equity that has the rightful claim to all of that that I've created. And so that becomes part of our status correction. We're as to correct our status, we need to notify the grant estate that we are taking possession of the equity and rights of the estate as a living man or woman. And that will make a lot of sense when your audience go through the presentations where we've spoken about that private estate trust. So again, I encourage them to do that. And my personal journey of going through this document procedure again was discovering the fact that the crown of state had claimed the equity and rights of my life and estate and was discovering the fact that I was the one with the actual rightful and par paramount claim as the living man or woman. And once you've gone through those documents like I have and you have that knowledge and you integrate that knowledge within you, it puts you into a powerful position of absolute certainty and absolute confidence that you can correct your status and that you do have sovereign authority to take control of your life and take back control of your life from the crown and state to a point where you can protect and defend and separate the equity and rights of your life and estate in a completely different venue and jurisdiction. So before I move on to the next slide, is there anything that you would like to uh contribute to that? >> No, I think I'm ready for the next slide. This is fantastic. >> Let's let's move on to the next slide. So the next element of the correction is known as the restoration and repositioning because to undergo a status correction is to restore your actual life back into the living back to its natural and inherent status of having sovereign authority and power over your own life. And of course you need to reposition yourself in relation to the crown of state. So let's get into these four aspects of restoration and repositioning. The first one is a release without consideration. So as part of the status correction of course you are rescending and cancelling citizenship and you want to actually sever your actual life, separate your actual life from its legal bondage to the citizen. And therefore you are requesting, not asking, not pleading, but requesting that the crown state release your actual life from being in bondage shity to the citizen. And it's done without consideration, which means you're asked you're you're requesting that they um release you from the citizen without there being any renumeration being paid to you because the citizen is actually a title that belongs to the crown of state. So you can keep your title, your legal title and role of the citizen. and I'm just going to release my life from any legal bondage and obligations to the citizen so that I can restore my life back to being a living man or woman that has no bondage to that citizen. And that is all expressed as our will and intention in a part of the document that is known as the release without consideration where we state the facts as to why the crown and state must release our life. And a lot of that comes back to the fact that they cannot continue to hold our life in legal bondage to the citizen against our free will choice because that is a form of slavery. Very very important. It always comes back to free will. It always come back to free will. The next part is the deed of restitution. So part of us correcting our status is that we are restoring our life back to its original position. a status as being a living man or woman of the earth of the soil that has no state, no position, no role, no participation in the legal corporate fiction of the genuine juris jurisdiction that was created by the crown state that only exists as words on paper as defined by the legislators of the crown estate. And so we're sending a deed of restitution to notify the crown state that we are now leaving the venue and jurisdiction of the crown of state and we are restoring ourselves back to the land as a living man or woman. very important because the whole scam is the fact that they've captured our lives into a venue and jurisdiction and a venue is a place of law and a jurisdiction is a word of law. So citizenship is where your life is governed by words of law and it's the people who create the words of law that have the authority over your life as a citizen. But of course, if you're a living man or woman and you're not a citizen, and if you're a living man or woman that lives on the earth and not in a venue jurisdiction, then of course you're not bound to any legislated laws. You have restored your life back to its original status. That brings us on to an important document and writ known as h known as the writ of habius corpus. And this is actually a writ that stems from the canon law of the Roman Catholic Church. And this is a very important document. And the reason that it's incorporated into the status correction is because this document is recognized and respected by all nation states worldwide. And what it does is once the writ of habius corpus is expressed and sent to a nation state, it is a document that informs the nation state that the person who they are attempting to treat as a citizen of the state is no longer a citizen of their state. and therefore m they must cease and desist from all actions where they're attempting to stake a claim over the individual as a citizen. So why is this important? Well, when you transition from citizenship to sovereignty, you are transitioning from being a citizen to being a living man or woman. Anyone that does this process through our private society also gains um sanctitude and protection within the venue and jurisdiction of our private society. And this Rit of Hagers corpus is actually uh issued from our own private court that says hey this person here who is um issuing the declaration of status is no longer a citizen and is no longer under your authority. Therefore, you can no longer detain this living man or woman on the uh false pretense or or the false assumption that this person is a citizen of your nation state because they are not. And this status correction, this document proves it. So, cease and desist from all actions to detain the living man or woman. Very important. And the next one which again is part of repositioning is the declaration of peace. Because one of the important things that I came to realize when I was going through this declaration of status document and going through the history of all the legal bondage of all the conquests of the crown empires of the kings and the queens of Europe and the United Kingdom, England, all the rest of it. They're going around and invading foreign lands and capturing people. It's coming to the realization that the actual nation state itself has been established under the direction of a military occupation. Okay? So it is been established many many centuries ago by hostile forces that only came to the land to do one thing and that was to invade, capture, take control of the land, resources and people so they could build and fund and support their cran Empire as the parasitical and predatorial entities that they are. on that basis and on that realization is that you cannot challenge this system. You cannot go to war with this system. You cannot cause conflicts or controversy with the system because this entire system has been designed to suppress, contain, detain, disable any challenges or any threats that attempt to um disable or or or what's what's the the other word I'm trying to think of? >> To try to overturn or or dismantle the system. Yeah. stabilize. Yeah, absolutely. Stabilize the system. So the only way forward is to go to peace is to be at peace with the system is to have a neutral status and standing in the world. And so as part of the status correction, as part of your declaration of status, you are making a declaration of peace. You are making declarations to the crown and state that you are at peace with them. That you are not going to cause any conflict, that you are not going to you are not going to challenge their authority over the citizens of the state, that you are not an enemy of the crown of state, and that you are going to operate within and through the public domain under the international flag of peace. And there is a doctrine of the international flag of peace which is the doctrine of safe passage and safe harbor through any zones any territories of any nation states that under military occupation. So that's a very crucial point of status correction. Not only are we transitioning from citizenship to sovereignty, not only are we going from a public domain to a private domain to live under our own private law, but we're doing so peacefully and at peace with the nation's state. Does that make sense and resonate with you? >> Absolutely. Yeah, it's uh very inspiring to go through this uh and see uh what is possible you know from ignorance to knowledge. Knowledge brings power and this is just very very very inspiring. Uh we got a few minutes left. Is there anything uh uh to close up the whole thing Russell? >> Yes. Let's let's close it up. So we're going to very very briefly the declaration of status again it's a document and procedure. So what we do is we issue the declaration of status to the crown and state to notify them of our status correction. We're not asking for permission. We're not requesting. We are notifying this is what we're doing. This is how we're going to operate in the nation state from this point onwards. And the actual document itself gets notorized, legalized. So it's recognized and accepted in the public domain and it gets recorded in our own private court before we issue it to the crown and state. And that wraps up the declaration of status as an adjudicated fact of law because everything that we do in a declaration of status is determined as a fact as a as a matter of fact and where we apply a final decision to conclude the matter. We give it a final judgment and that final judgment is concluded on the fact that we get a nonresponse or an improper response from the crown of state. Very briefly before I come to an end with this, the nonresponse is something that takes place in administrative law where the recipient of the declaration of status fails to respond, fails to act and then they go into dishonor, fault, silent acquiescence and tacit approval of the state correction. or they do respond, but it's an improper response because they fail to address or rebut the statements of the correction with verifiable facts that disproves our claim and right to perform a status correction. And that brings me to the end of this presentation. Fantastic. What can you do? Master sovereignty to restore and protect the sovereign freedoms, values, and rights of your life and estate from a corrupt system of control and extortion. Fantastic, Russell. It's been amazing to be a part of your journey and I'm sure this will be very helpful. As long as YouTube is there or any online videos are available then this information is gold and I encourage everyone to at least watch the videos. Most people won't act on it that's fine but at least inform yourself. And uh anything else before we uh sign off, Russell? >> No, I'm I'm pretty much done here and thank you very much. It's been an honor to share this information with you and your audience and uh hopefully I get to come back again at a later date with a new presentation to uh to process things forward. >> Yeah, fantastic. Yeah, looking forward to that definitely. And um uh with that, thank you everyone for your time. You lasted this long. Russell has made it very simple. Uh I found it extremely simple to understand. And if you do find it a little bit challenging, that's fine. Just watch it again. Watch it again and again and you will see that you'll get it. It's really it's just attuning to this way of uh attuning your mind to this knowledge. That's all it is. On that note, thank you for your time and attention and I will see you in the next video.