TITLE: Sovereignty Part 2 - Russell Paul Arthur GPS
URL:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNBe6cJqHkQ

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Okay, here we are. Part two of the sovereignty videos. It will be a different playlist in the Noel zone. So, check that out. And again, from part one, we have Russell Paul Arthur. He's the overseer of Grace Private Society. Go and check out his website at www.graceprivatesocciety.com. I'll put a link in the description as well. Today is going to be very interesting. In part one, we talked about what the system is in this world that impinges upon our sovereignty. And we left on a very positive note last time. and go and watch that video again if you need to or if this is an introduction to what is happening in this world and has been happening and watch that video first before you uh journey with this one. And we ended on the note that Russell's going to show us today how to conduct ourselves as a sovereign human being as a living man or woman in this world in a way that does not uh strip away our dignity. There are humiliation rituals all around these days. Enter an airport, entry into an airport is a humiliation ritual these days. Supermarkets are another big you can call it black magic if you like or cult humiliation ritual sites and there are plenty now every they're everywhere. So without further ado over to you uh Russell take it away >> and thank you very much and it's an honor and pleasure to be here to uh return and do this second part of the presentation. So, I'm going to share my screen right now. You give me a moment and we should get everything up and running and we begin. Okie dok. Takes a bit of time, but it will eventually kick in. So we're beginning with part two of a private trust presentation where we are going to explore and discuss the remedy and a solution with sovereignty and I'm going to again start with a disclaimer and advisory because I think it's very important that we do which we did in the first presentation and it kicks off with this presentation is designed as a visual aid to conceptualize citizen ship and sovereignty and is not an exact representation of reality. The information shared is a personal perspective that is based upon research, knowledge and experience of the facts of reality and may include the error of interpretation and conveyance. The information does not constitute as or convey legal or financial advice. Please do your own research to confirm the subject matter before drawing any conclusions. Please do not act upon this information without first consulting a practitioner of sovereign law. Okay. Are you okay for me to move on from there? >> Yes, please. >> Let's do that. Before we get into the meat of the second presentation, start discussing the remedyed solution. Just wanted to briefly, very briefly, give a summation of the first presentation that I really do encourage anybody that has not seen part one to go back, watch part one to get some context of what we're about to go into this presentation. But just to give a little bit of context, in part one, we was examining a deception and fraud of citizenship where the citizens of the United Kingdom had been captured into a venue and jurisdiction known as a public domain where that venue and jurisdiction is controlled by the Crown, the HM Treasury, the government and the Bank of England and various other different public agencies that rule over and regulate the citizens in a hierarchy of top down rulership. And of course, we all get ourselves into this sovereign structure and placed under the authority of the crown and state for a process of bonded shity, legal bondage that takes place at the point of birth registration. So the moment that we register or our birth is registered with the state at the general register's office, there is a UK citizen that is created which is a legal person and entity that is owned and controlled by the state and we our actual life as a living being is bonded to the UK citizen and we become the signatory, we become the endorsement, we become the guarantor for that citizen and that bonds us into the actual system and then what happens is we are placed into a public trust arrangement. So that everything that we do as a citizen within the public domain which is controlled by the crown of state everything that we register whether that be for real estate property whether that be a business whether that be to drive a vehicle on the roads what's actually happening is we as a UK citizen are going to a public agency and in this example it's the HM land registry we're doing a registration for a property they are handing us some type legal title and Then we are holding on to that legal title as a trustee in a public trust arrangement. And of course a trustee in any trust arrangement in law is legally responsible and liable for managing the property of the trust. And so each time that we as a UK citizen bond to any part of the nation state, any public agency and take on a title, we are bonding ourselves to all the legislated acts, statutes, rules, regulations, tax codes, policies, you name it, that binds our life into this legal system which is predominantly a system of control and extortion. And the big deception and fraud today which we are going to provide the remedy and solution for is the fact that in this system it's a banking monetary system that incorporates uh four sovereign entities. One known as HM Treasury which administrates the crown commonwealth for the crown. We've got the UK government which of course administrates the citizens and all the public agencies. We've got the Bank of England England which is a central bank which provides all the public funds for the public domain. And then we have have what is known as the debt management office that manages the debt of the nation state because the entire nation state is in involved in debt bondage to a global banking monetary system which is a debt based system which operates with a fiat currency and with the crown commonwealth all the equity of the nation state of the commonwealth so Everything from the real estate property to the infrastructure rows, the public services, the assets, the interest, everything of real value is held by HM Treasury on a private ledger which they use that equity as securitized collateral to borrow money from the central banks and the money that's borrowed from the central banks becomes public funds and each of us is playing the role of a citizen and we are inde dentured into this global banking monetary system as insolvent debtors that are trading with a fiat currency and we have no access to the actual equity of our life and estate as we operate in this public domain. So it's all a diminished status and standing. We have all been deprived from the real value, the equity of everything that we own in our life and estate. And we are only corrupt in solvent debtors. We are only trustees with a legal title to hold, manage, use, sell, and profit from anything that we do in the public domain. So whether that's a business uh trading and buying property, whatever it is we do in terms of building value in the public domain, it's done as false value because it's done with a fiat currency. Okay? So that's the issue that we've got at the moment. We are all indentured into a public trust arrangement with a diminished status and standing. And of course, one of the biggest problems that we all have as a nation state is that this is a a failing system. Yeah. This system is a corrupt and failing system where we've got runaway inflation. So the prices of everything of everyday living are going up and up up at very very fast rates. We've got um that's caused a cost of living crisis. And of course, at the same time, we've got a fiat currency that is devaluing in value. We've got a government that keeps raising the taxes, keeps creating more legislated bills that create more public funds, which floods the system with more fake fiat currency. And what we're actually seeing right now is a degradation of life. Yeah. We're seeing a degeneration of the society. We're beginning to see a breakdown of society. We're going we're see we're beginning to see more and more people that are falling into financial uh insecurity, hardship, and suffering. And it really is becoming a dog eat dog world. Although it was very much before, but it's happening a lot lot quicker now. And if we don't take some type of immedial um action to to try and turn this around and correct this situation, the future is looking rather bleak unfortunately. And I think on the ground everybody within the United Kingdom and most countries around the world because this isn't just isolated to the United Kingdom. This is a global phenomenon. This is happening worldwide because the systems that are established, governance, banking, politics, all the legislative laws, it's a system that's worldwide. So, everybody's feeling it at a ground level and it's causing this massive civil unrest that's that's that's very present within society. And we're seeing a a breakdown between citizens and the people who are in charge, who are supposed to be the leaders, who are supposed to be governing. But really, they have completely failed us all. And the trust is breaking down. And I think the further that we go into the future, it's only going to become more intense. It's the the system is going to start implementing more measures of control as people become more disenfranchised, as there is more civil unrest. So although I'm a very optimistic man and I do believe that you know there there are solutions there and it will take time to put the solutions in place at the same time you know I think we are going to see things get worse and I think we're going to see a bit more of a negative impact on society and the way that people live because of the way that everything's been set up. So before I jump into the remedying solution um Adam is there anything that you just want to add to what I've said there? Uh, no. I think you summed it up really well. Uh, I think that any parasitic system will eventually fail. It cannot succeed indefinitely. It just can't do that because vampirism, parasiticism, however you want to see it, it it does not work with the with the laws of nature with it doesn't even work with basic the the three laws of the three main laws of thermodynamics. If you really want to go into even basic physics, you know, because in the end everything is an energy exchange and energy will follow natural laws, not imposed up. Energy can be made to artificially move wherever one wants it to go. But in the end, it'll find balance. It'll it's always trying to find balance. And parasitic systems by their very nature at the end result they'll kill the host which in effect is killing themselves. So that's the very the self-destruction is the very it's inbuilt into the coding of any parasite. A parasite means a self-destructive entity. So, as we were talking about last time as well, as far as I'm concerned, the only common sense thing that uh occurs to me is how, you know, as a host to a parasitic system in a sense, how do I my concern is the parasite can live or die. I don't care. But how do I not get swept into the self-destruction of that system? You know, because the system will implode. There is no doubt in my mind about that. There is no doubt. Nothing can convince me that it won't simply because >> the nature of it. And my personal concern is that I don't want to get destroyed along with it. you know, if a bomb's going to go off, I don't want to be anywhere near it. That is the beginning and the end of my concern about it. And at the same time, I feel that it's also we're all in the same boat. And uh just one person looking out for themselves in a boat. Imagine everyone did that. That boat's not going to that boat's going to sink very fast. So again, it's just common sense. I'm not a nice person. I don't care about other human. I really, everyone on my channel knows I'm an asshole through and through. My concern with my fellow man is we're all on the same boat. So, let's all learn to row together because again, it's selfish interest. It's it's it's self-preservation. I'm not going to go against the natural laws within me and superimpose some moral codes and some Bible shit and some religious nonsense on top. Self-preservation, that's it. And if that means all of us get to row the boat together in harmony and in in in knowledge and understanding, then let's do that. And I'll be the first to volunteer. I'll be the first in line to get that to help with that. Right? So, uh, that is my thoughts on what we've talked about so far and I'll hand it over to you. >> That's wonderful. And I just want to just pick up on something that you said there with the parasitical entity um that is devouring society. At the same time, it's causing so much discomfort in people's lives that people are waking up to the itch, aren't they? What's going on here? There's something here. It doesn't quite feel right. And you know something there's something I feel like I'm almost under attack here. That's what it feels like, doesn't it? So, and it's that discomfort that's that's gradually waking people up as more and more people experience some type of lifestyle pain or trauma and suffering. And I think the more the parasite keeps feeding and becomes more aggressive as it eventually will when it knows that it's running out of life to feed on, >> that's when hopefully we'll get to a point where enough people have woken up and gone right, we're all turning on this and we're all going to convert it. And I think at that point Anam, we need to get into two modes. And two modes are a restoration of our own personal lives where we become sovereign rather than these slave like citizens to the parasite and where there is a restoration of humanity and how we are towards each other rather than attacking each other or being very self-centered, self-focused, self-interested, selfish and all the rest of it. Self self because it has been the century of self, hasn't it? And we start to think about humanity in terms of compassion, in terms of um cooperating with each other, actually being co-creators rather than being competitors. And then the second element is the protection of life because like you just said the system is going down and it is definitely going down but at the same time as it goes down we kind of want it to morph into something that's actually going to to benefit humanity and that's what we're going to begin to to discuss in this presentation right now. >> Yeah. So let's get moving on to the next presentation where we start to speak about the remedy and the solution. So there are three elements of sovereignty. Three elements of achieving personal sovereignty in relation to the system because at the end of the day this system this sovereign structure this predator predatorial parasitical system it's wellestablished. It's very sophisticated. It's got its tentacles throughout every aspect and fabric of society. And therefore, we have no other option but to coexist with it as it is at the moment. And then obviously we need to find a way to be able to restore our lives and protect our lives as the system is doing whatever the system is doing. And we do that with the three elements of sovereignty. The first one is we undergo what is called a status correction. And what that is, that's um an actual lawful procedure where we officially send a document. This is a 100 plus page document, lawful document known as a declaration of status which gets sent to all the high offices of the crown and nation state. So everything from the the prime minister to the the ex the chancellor of excher to even the um the what we got here we've got the departments the home secretary department we've got the foreign secretary all the main secretaries of the office the declaration of status gets sent to them to notify them that we are rescending and cancelling citizenship we are exercising our sovereign free will and intention to remove ourselves from the system so that we can completely and sever and separate our attachment to the UK citizen because the UK citizen is actually a title and it's a legal person and entity called the leggies which is a creature of law which is under the venue and jurisdiction of the crown of state. So it's a state created entity and so part of the status correction is to actually sever and separate the legal bondage that we have as a living man or woman to that UK citizen. Once we've done the status correction, we then need to go into what's known as a status protection because even though we can resend and cancel citizenship, we still need to exist and operate in the public domain because that's where everything is structured, right? That's where all the public services are. That's where the public banking is. That's where the health centers, if that's what you can call them, and all the food and all where the business takes place. So we need to be able to be within the public domain and access all the public services and keep all the business commitments that we go got going on in our life. And we need to be able to do that without creating any legal bondage with the crown and state. So it's a case of restructuring the affairs of our life so that we can go back into the public domain as a sovereign with the private status with our own private law and where we are able to exercise control over the title and the legal person known as the citizen. And the third one is what's called the estate privatization. Now that is where the fun begins because at the end of the day we've got the existing world the current world paradigm which is established and if we are going to create a new future then we need to create some type of new world paradigm that has nothing to do with this current system. And to do that we need to estab each individually as sovereigns we need to create our own private estates that function outside of the current system. Okay. So if you can imagine at the moment we are all registered citizens within the UK um public domain and we all have a public estate which is under the control under the venue and jurisdiction of the crown estate. But what we can now do once we've exercised um our lawful right to do a status correction, we can now establish ourselves in a new private domain as a living man or woman and then bring into existence a private estate that has no legal bondage to the system. And then we can actually execute what is known as a private transfer of wealth and actually move the equity and rights of all the real estate property, all the business ventures, all the assets and interest that we have in public domain, we can actually lawfully transfer them over to our new private estate. And when enough of us come together and do that, we can start to build our own new private system with our own securitized collateral, with our own way of exchanging value, with our own services in the private, a new world paradigm that actually serves and benefits humanity. The kind of world that we want to live in, the kind of world that we want to see, and the kind of world that we want to pass on to our children and the future generations. So those those are the three elements of sovereignty. Before I move on, do you want to add anything to that discussion there? No, I think I'm good. I'm looking forward to uh what comes next. >> Good. So moving on, we we're going to focus on gaining status protection. So as we just spoke about briefly at the moment everybody is operating as a citizen under the control of the crown estate within a public domain and where of course the citizen has structured his or her estate as a public estate that's connected to all the public agencies. The private domain is a completely new beginning where we gain complete independence. We draw a line in the sand. Okay. It's a completely different venue and jurisdiction that we create of our own private laws that has nothing to do with the public domain. That means the crown, the state and all the public agencies cannot gain legal joiner over anything that we do within our own private domain. But of course, as I discussed earlier, we still need to access the public system because even though we can achieve personal sovereignty and we can start to create our own new private estate in its own new private domain, we still have the situation where our entire life has been built in the public domain under the name and citizen. So what we want to do is we want to find a way that we can act still access everything in the public system and at the same time we can maintain our status as a living man or woman that's not attached to the citizen and that has no legal bondage and no personal liability when it comes to anything in the public domain. And to do that, the lawful remedy, and it is a lawful remedy, to correct the mistaken error of being a fake fictional legal person and entity known as a citizen is to do three things. Number one, we exercise a rightful claim. That means once we have severed and separated our actual life from this false fiction known as the UK citizen, we can now come forward in law as the living man or woman and claim that we are the living beneficiary of everything that we created in the public domain under the name of the citizen. And we can claim the actual equity, the real value of everything that we built. And we can do so with a priority claim, with a paramount claim and a priority claim. Because all those interests that we hold in the public domain under the name of the citizen, it was actually us as the living being that did the work to create everything, that acquired everything, that earned everything. And therefore even though we don't actually own the title of citizen we do have a rightful claim over all the equity over all the value that we build in the name of the citizen. Number two is that we exercise this claim within the parameters of the law of equity. Now the law of equity is a very very old law that goes back to the days of the common law. And this law of equity, you could call it a secret law. It's not something that's widespread known. It's something that's kind of been suppressed. And the reason that it's been suppressed is because it's actually called the law of laws. Because equity follows the law. And the reason equity follows the law is because equity is a law that provides justice to correct injustice. and equity. There is a couple of maxims in equity and maxims and these are principles and truths and this is written into law. This is a 2,000y old law. One of those maxims is equity will not suffer a wrong to be without a remedy and equity regards the beneficiary as the true owner. So we can now come forward and exercise the law of equity to correct the mistake and error of us operating as this citizen within the venue and jurisdiction of the crown of state because we have now gained the knowledge awoken and realized the deception of fall that's coming along. We can now come along provide the knowledge to show the ground and state that we realize what's going on here and we are now coming forward to correct that mistake. And then we need to do a third thing which is exercise the law of trusts. Because if we are going to claim the equity of the public estate that's in the public domain under the name of the citizen, we need to be able to contain that equity. And therefore, we need to create what's known as a private estate trust so that we can accept and claim the equity and place into that private estate trust that we control in the private as a living man or woman with sovereign authority. So what that effectively means is we would transfer the equity out of the public trust arrangement that is in with the crown estate at the moment and we will put it into this new private estate trust that we control in the private and doing so peacefully and honorably in law and equity. Would you like to add anything to that or was there any any remarks that you >> No, we're good. This this is very very very uh clear and concise. Fantastic. >> Okay, good. So, let's move on. Setting up a private estate trust. So, the point of setting up a private estate trust is so that we can secure the equitable interest that we have in the public estate that's in the public domain. So what we would do to form this trust is we as a sovereign man or woman would issue a bond, a private bond. And that bond would be to claim the equity that's currently in the public estate under the name of the citizen. So what we're actually doing with the bond is we're writing a piece of paper where that piece of paper basically states that we are exercising our rightful claim in the law of equity and as true owner and the living beneficiary of our state to claim the equity that's currently held in public trust and being administrated by HM Treasury and where that bond bonds our claim to the equity. We then take that bond and we place it into this new private estate trust as private property of the trust. So we've got this paper bond where we have expressed in law within the premises of law our claim to the equity in the private estate. We've then placed that bond into this new private estate trust as private property and that bond will be subject to the private terms of the trust that we define as a sovereign. And then what we do is we send the private estate trust that we created in documented form. We send the bond that we've created to go along with the trust and then we issue the trust and the bond to HM Treasury of the United Kingdom and we instruct HM Treasury to hold the trust and the bond on special deposit account and we inform them that they are to hold and manage the private equity of our life and estate as trustees in a new private trust arrangement. We as the sovereign man or woman will take the position of being the living beneficiary of this trust which means we can now benefit from the equity of the trust and HM Treasury or the secretary of HM Treasury will be appointed as the custodian and trustee of this trust arrangement with the legal title to the trust. That means that the trustee at HM Treasury is now legally responsible and liable for any debts, charges, claims, penalties, fees, fines charged in the name of the citizen and charged against our estate. And what we've effectively done is we've changed the dynamics. Rather than being a citizen in a public trust arrangement where we are the trustee, we've now turned things around and we've created a private trust that we control in the private that secure the equity of our life and estate. So we can still operate in the public domain but we operate as a living beneficiary and not as a citizen and we operate through this private trust where we control the equity and HM treasury must perform their duties in accordance with the trust terms and they must honor the law of equity and they must perform in equity. So everything I've just spoken about there in terms of creating a private estate trust to rightfully claim the equity of our life and estate as it's currently being administrated by HM treasury so that we can control this in the private as a living beneficiary. This is how we turn the table around. This is how we start to take control and this is how we start to assert sovereignty over our own life and estate as we operate within this public domain. Does that make sense? >> Yes, absolutely. Fantastic. >> Good. So, moving on to the next slide. Now this private estate trust is a master trust because within the public domain there are lots of other different public agencies that deal with different aspects of our life. But we've already spoke about them, didn't we? We have the DVLA that deals with the aspect of driving vehicles on the road. We have whatever bank we have an account with that is a public trust account that deals with any money that we're earning in the public system. We have we're dealing with a public agency when it comes to land registry. So we have all these different public agencies that we were dealing with as a citizen in a public trust arrangement. So what we now need to do to assert establish and achieve sovereignty and be able to access all these public services in the in the public domain. So we now need to start restructuring our life on estate and start turning all these public trusts into new private trust arrangements that are all part of the trust that we've secured with HM Treasury. So here's an example of one particular private trust that we would create in addition and this is a trust called the general services trust. This is a trust that we would create an issue to the local council, right? Because once we have rescended and cancelled citizenship and we are no longer operating in the public as a citizen, that means we can no longer receive services and benefits from the council in the name of the citizen. And that means we can no longer receive benefits and services from the council as a living man or woman because we that would place us into legal bondage. And the whole purpose of these private trusts is that we can maintain a status and standing of sovereignty without any legal bondage to the crown estate. So what we would do is we would create a general services trust. Again we would issue an create and issue another bond and that bond will be connected to the bond that we have secured with HM Treasury that has secured the equity of our estate. That bond gets placed into the general services trust. That general services trust is created by ourselves as a sovereign where the terms of the trust becomes the private law that we have written into the trust to define how the trust will operate. We then send that uh general services trust to the local council and ask them to put that on special deposit account. We will hold the equitable title of the trust as the living beneficiary where we can receive the benefits from the council receive the council services as the beneficiary that has no legal bondage to the council services and it will be the highest office holder of the council. So that's could be the chief executive or that could be a secretary who's in charge. It changes from from various different councils. We appoint them as the custodian and the trustee of this general services trust where the trustee holds the legal title and where the trustee must perform in accordance with the the trust laws. And that means the council, the official at the council as the trustee, as the legal title holder will now be liable for any claims, any debts, any charges, any fees, any fines that the council decides to issue in the name of the citizen. And that means if you are at home and you've set up one of these private trusts with the council and they send a bill out in the name of the citizen, you will just literally take that bill and send it straight back to the council as part of this private trust. You would send it to the appointed trust and say please settle that bill and you can settle that bill using the equity that I have secured at HM Treasury. Remember the public is a debt administration. They're trading in debt in the public fiat currency and in the public domain you can only charge and discharge debt. You can't pay for anything. So we would instruct the council if they send any and we call them public instruments because that could be anything from a claim, a charge, penalty, fee, fine, whatever. We will send the public instrument back and say, "Okay, we've secured this in the in the trust as private property. We now control this instrument. We're sending it back to you as the trustee. You can now go to HM Treasury to access the equity of our estate because we are giving you permission as the sovereign who controls this trust and we are giving you permission to use that equity as a private credit to discharge any debt that is attached to any instrument that you have sent me. All right. So again, >> we're changing the dynamics. We are throwing all the liability back onto the council or any other public agency that we issue a private trust to. We are becoming the sovereign master and they are becoming the public servants as it should have been from the very very start and as it probably was before the world became inverted and perverted and turned upside down. I'll stop there and give you a moment to to have some some thoughts and views on that. Uh all of it makes sense to me. Uh and u for viewers who have watched this far, if you have any comments or questions, put them in the comments uh section and uh I'm sure those you'll find answers to those questions. Uh we can either do another video of some popular questions that people have asked. So we'll see how that goes. uh so far it's very clear to me and uh it's explained in a way that is uh there's no confusion in my mind at least. >> Good. And it would be um it would be an honor for me to come back and um do a session and answer any any questions that your viewers for that would be great. >> Yeah. >> So let's let's move on and just encapsulate everything that I've just spoken about there. So when it comes to creating and issuing private trusts as a sovereign, these private trusts are able to bridge across two different venues and jurisdictions. So for us to exit this system, for us to no longer play in the system as a citizen, for us to no longer be in the public domain, we need to of of course do a status correction. to resend and cancel citizenship. And then we need to reestablish ourselves in a private domain as a living man or woman with sovereign authority and status. And then when we issue these private trusts, the trust itself and the terms becomes the private law. And this trust will bridge across from private to public because we will stand in the private as a living beneficiary of the trust with no bondage to the public domain whatsoever. And on the public side will be the trustee that holds the legal title. And the trustee will be any um official of any public agency within the public domain that we need to appoint in relation to any public service that we are using. Whether that be to obtain real estate, get a car, a bank, anything, anything whatsoever that we need in the public domain can be set up in a in a private trust that bridges across two jurisdictions. And this is what kind of gives us a degree of freedom from the legal bondage to the system because they are unable to actually place any claims or any debts onto our actual life as a living beneficiary of a private trust. That allows us to maintain a separating line from us in the private and from what's going in the public. And at the same time we can still interface with the public domain through these private trusts. We can project if you like these private trusts become avatars that we can project into the public domain to access the public services. doing so keeping that divided line and obviously the most important thing is we are acting acting from a sovereign capacity because we are the one taking control of the affairs of our life and estate we are raising the private trust we are the one determining the terms and the private law of the trust so it really is taking control taking personal sovereignty over the matters of your own life and as I spoke about very early earlier and was that we are reversing the trust dynamics. So if we look on the left side of this slide, the current deception, the current fraud that's going on right now with citizenship is that the citizen has been designated as a trustee in all arrangements with all public agencies and where there is a public trust arrangement with the citizen, we're holding the legal title on the public side. And then of course we are the living beneficiary of this public trust but that is hidden from us on the private side as being administrated by HM Treasury and as a citizen we are in a liable position in these public trust arrangements because we're holding the legal title and whoever holds the legal title to any document whether it's a certificate a bond a contract title claim whatever it is a public instrument in the public are responsible and liable for all the laws, all the codes, all the taxes and penalties attached to that document. So that's the position that we're moving away from. And then of course when we go into the private as a sovereign and a living beneficiary of a private trust that interacts with the public domain, we are now in a secured position. We are in a secured position because we have now secured the equity of our life into this trust. We have secured ourselves as the living beneficiary of the trust that only holds the equitable title. And of course, it's now the public agencies who are now the trustees in the matter. And these government officials, they are bound by duty to protect and serve the equitable interests of the sovereign and they are there to protect even the public interests of the citizens. And so when we come forward and we restructure the affairs of our life in relation to these public agencies, they must they must honor what we're doing because we're coming forth and exercising everything in accordance with trust law and the law of equity. And these are two of the highest laws of the land. And what's really important for us to for me to mention as well here is that we're doing this honorably, lawfully, and peacefully is what we don't want to do is we don't want to challenge the system. We don't want to disrupt the system. We don't want to cause conflict and controversy. We don't want to cause a nightmare for ourselves. What we're actually doing is we are gaining the knowledge, gaining the awareness and we are taking the high our higher state of consciousness and then we're coming back to the system and acting from a higher position. And where we are treating the public system as the true masters, as two sovereigns, and putting these public officials in their rightful place as the public servants because that's that's where they should be really because if they are there to truly run a government and administrate a public domain as they should do, then they should be there to serve the people. They should be there making sure that society is functioning in a way that actually honors humanity and where everybody has an equal opportunity to actually get ahead in life and live a good life. And one of the a second important thing that we're doing here is we're not going on the attack is that we're actually doing this in an honorable way that we're actually educating the officials because most of these officials, a lot of them that are operating compartmentalized at the bottom rung of the ladder and they don't really know what's going on. You know, there's a lot of good people trapped in the system. I think there's a lot more good people trapped in the system unaware of what's going on than there is the bad people are actually running it. >> And so with all these Yeah. And so Adam, with all these these documents that we're sending because these documents, these private trust documents again, they're like 80page documents that go into great detail about the the fraud, deception, and what we're doing and all the laws. And so when these officials get these documents, anyone that actually takes notice and reads these documents, they're going to be a awakened to the reality of what's really going on. They're going to then start questioning, actually, I need to look into this a bit more. Actually, what are we doing here? And they're going to start looking at things with a more keener eye, more of a critical mind. And then what's going to happen is we're going to get in into a situation like Neo in the Matrix, right? We're going to turn things around from the inside. Yeah. We are now going goodness is now going to the higher state of conscious consciousness is now going to infiltrate the system. >> And we're going to turn it from the inside out. And again do it in a lawfully, peacefully, and honorable manner. And of course, this isn't something that's going to happen overnight. Of course, this is going to take decades, if not hundreds of years, of more and more people becoming sovereign and turning around and changing and restructuring their life and state in relation to the uh to the crown and the state in its public domain. The more of us that do it, the more of us that come forward, the more pe people in the system that wake up, I think we can have that parallel reality where we've got the system itself beginning to implode. But of course, we have the phoenix emerging out from the system as we slow as it slowly morphs into something good and beneficial for humanity at the same time. I think it's possible for those two realities to coexist and and appear into the paradigm at the same time. What do you think? >> Yeah, I really do think that that um I see that as a transition phase. It's like the tide going out. You know, no one knows at what point the tide came in or tide started going out, but it's you can't argue with that. it is going out or it is coming in and so there is a period where these transition alternative which should be main mainstream really that swap will happen and then there will be a they'll kind of coexist at the same time and then I I think that the self-destructive part of it will self-destruct or fade away or die a natural death and what will remain will be again back. Nature will claim what is what is in accordance with nature's laws and uh balance will then and harmony will then be maintained in that way. That's my feeling of it. And as as you said, it's this is not a fiveyear job or a although things are speeding up phenomenally, it may still take quite a few years. And I don't really know how long. There's no I don't think there's any way to know. But that this is the mechanics of it for sure what we're talking about today. >> It is. Yeah. And I know that I'm going on quite a bit about creating these trusts and and issuing all these documents that we can restructure things, but these private trust and these documents, this isn't something that you can just pick up within a week and go with it. It takes many many months of studying trust law, studying the law of equity, studying the documents because like I said before, some of them are like 80, 100, 120 page documents that are very compact with a lot of knowledge when it comes to to laws and what's going on. And someone needs to, you know, whoever's executing those documents, they need to really study the documents. They need to comprehend the documents. They need to to review and review and review and they need to be able to integrate all of that information within themselves and embody it. And as we both know that process takes time that takes that takes many months itself before they can then actually actually know what they're issuing as the documents and stand by those documents word for word with absolute confidence and authority and conviction. So again this it the transformation of society again this is going to happen over centuries I think and I think it also requires a personal transformation of each individual that's going to be a part of the whole society transforming. So that's important to note. And the bit I did want to speak about was settling the public instruments. So at the moment a lot of people are beginning to feel the pinch with the cost of living crisis that's going on right now. Um of course we have less purchasing power of the currency. The more inflation there is, the more the prices go up, the more difficult life becomes for people. And a lot of people are beginning to find themselves swimming under a lot of debt that is causing a massive strain on their own life and their relationships. And it it's really beginning to get to a point now where a lot of people are falling behind on their debts and getting into some really really really bad situations. So, one of the benefits of going through this process of restructuring your life and estate, of securing the equity of your life and estate in a new private trust arrangement, is that you can now start to take these public instruments that come from these public authorities and you can now transfer them, send them back, have the public authorities settle these instruments. And this slide here shows you how it works. So if you was operating in the public domain as a citizen, what would typically happen is a public agency, let's use the council as an example. Let's say they issued you some type of fine. Let's say you didn't you didn't pay uh you fell fel fell behind behind the council payment and they sent you a fine in the post. And of course you really don't want can do with that fine. You don't really want to pay it. What would typically happen that fine would be sent to you in the name of the citizen. Of course as the citizen you are the trust in the legal title holder that fine. Therefore you must pay it. But with a private estate trust, once you have transferred the equity of the council services over to a new private estate trust, what you can then do as the living man or woman is you can now accept any public instrument and claim that public instrument as a gift in law and equity. because you as the living beneficiary of your estate, the true living beneficiary, you do have a rightful claim to the equity of any trust that is formed in the public. And so when a public instrument comes along, rather than accept it as the citizen, you would you would accept it as the true living beneficiary of your estate. And by accepting the actual instrument itself, you then take you collapse the public trust because every document or every instrument that's sent out from public agency, right? For example, if you've got a parking file, Yeah. from a a policing agency, that parking fine when it's issued to you, that actually creates its own public trust arrangement because they've handed you a public document in the form of a fine. they were handed it to you as a trustee in in the arrangement with a legal liability. Therefore, when you become the living beneficiary and you accept any public instrument as the living beneficiary, you actually collapse the public trust arrangement. You then hold the public instrument with both titles as the absolute title holder. You then have the right to then place that instrument into any trust that you create. And what that does is that removes the instrument from public use. And that makes the instrument a private instrument that belongs in a private trust as private property controlled by you as a private law. The terms of the trust. You can then send that instrument back to the issuing party and tell them as the newly appointed trustee of the private trust to settle the instrument. And this being able to do this goes a very long way. If you are experiencing financial difficulties and you're in a lot of debt with the system and you're looking for some type of remedy, you're looking for some kind of easement to to to get yourself out of that system and that process of being a public trustee. going with the private estate trust arrangement, doing the status correction, reestablishing yourself as a sovereign man or woman in the private and restructuring all these instruments into private instruments and getting the public trustees to to settle it with the equity of your estate is how you can start to find ease from all these debts and these bills that you're experiencing in the public. So again, I really do want to point out and stress this. This isn't something to be taken lightly. >> This is something I'm going to be studying information so that you truly understand how it all works so that you can actually make it work and uphold your status and standing and and issue these private trusts. Again, does that kind of make sense? >> Absolutely. Explain that. >> Yeah. Yeah. this this stuff. What I what I observe in people what happens is that they you know in our desperation we look at this alternative knowledge which should be mainstream knowledge and people get so excited. However, they lack the necessary schooling, the necessary intellectual prowess. People are way more stupid than their grandfathers and grandmothers these days. No one wants to admit it, but people are so dumb and numb now, it's not even funny, right? So, they literally don't have the brain power anymore because that brain power is going into these personal addiction devices. Everyone on my channel knows what what I mean when I say these pads. Uh these are uh well-designed gadgets for siphoning off your uh intellect, intelligence, concentration, focusing power, willpower, you name it, these things siphon it off. And so people lack the necessary tools within to grasp all of this properly and do the work. Like you said, you know, I always say the 10-minute principle. Just invest 10 minutes of your time every day in informing yourself this and 10 minutes and give yourself a year of 10 minutes every day and don't miss a day and watch what happens. What what watch what happens to you, right? >> And then they they become flippant about it. Oh well, I know my rights. you know, the policeman will stop him on the road or something for over speeding and I am a sovereign citizen and they make a fool of themselves and end up in jail anyway because, you know, stupid, dumb and stupid. So, I have no sympathy for those kind of folks. You know, you rightly said this is to be taken very seriously because the other side takes this stuff very seriously and you don't want uniforms ringing a bell. You really don't want uniforms ringing your bell. Okay? Just because cuz those people are serious. They they won't be everything in the this established system is taken very seriously. So they're not messing around and so neither should you, you know. So if you are interested in this stuff, as Russell said, do your own due diligence, do your own research, invest 10 minutes every day, uh, and move yourself down the queue in in your in yourself towards sovereignty. That's my thoughts on it. Um, over to you, Russell. Yeah, thanks for sharing those thoughts. And it and it really is important and it is it's not a quick fix, you know, wham bang, thank you, man, we're done. And uh it'll all be tied up in a bow and you can live happily ever after. Sovereign doing achieving this, restructuring your life and state and achieving sovereignty. There's the process of doing it, then the process never ends because obviously we're living in a a transient and temporal reality. things are forever changing. The the world around us is forever changing. The the government, the public agencies, they're forever changing. And therefore, we are although we achieve a certain point in our journey of sovereignty, we still need to be able to move, adjust, and adapt with the changing times. So, this really is a life journey. Once you start this journey, you're you're on this path, and you're you're going all the way to the end with it. And of course the deeper you get into it the more you learn the easier it becomes. So just as a starting point within within our sovereignty academy um the process is u one point so one year and eight months the academy itself to get to a point where you truly understand this information and of course that's just just the beginning you know you must continue on from there and I think that brings us to the actual last slide >> which kind of uh puts the icing on the cake. What can you do now? Well, I would say that you should master and perform trust law and the law of equity to restore and protect the sovereign freedoms, values, and rights of your life and estate from a corrupt system of control and extortion. >> And that's where I shall finish it. >> Fantastic. It's uh it's a very apt finish, very clear, very concise. And it is true uh the main battle I feel for everyone is uh is to be to to value themselves enough to then want to invest in uh in this. You know, most people the first thought that occurs to them is, "Oh, but I got to work and pay the rent and do this and do that and the kids and the dogs and the house and the TV and the wife, you know." So that's for each person to figure out how invested you wish to be. My feeling is that all of us, we're all going to keep recycling back. Birth and death and birth and death or whatever those words even mean. No one knows what that means. But we're going to keep recycling back till we learn to become sovereign and get out of this system. Right? That's my feeling. Of course, there's no way to know anything for sure, but that's my reading of it. And uh I had a question, Russell. >> Yes. >> Are there people who have successfully restored and protected their sovereign freedoms, values, and rights that you know of or you know, are there real living people like that? So yes, there are people within our society that have got to a certain stage of achieving sovereignty. But just so there's no misunderstanding here, sovereignty is something that you naturally and inherently are. And it's something that you reveal um develop, transform, and become as you go into the journey of sovereignty. and the process of restructuring your life in relation to the crown and state and system. That's a process of documentation and lawful procedures where you are expressing your sovereign will to change your reality in relation to the rest of the world. However, that does not negate the fact that you still have an established system that thinks it should be this way and an established system that will refuse to recognize and accept your claims and your declarations and your notices and your statements and that's absolutely fine. So a lot of the work that we do document wise and procedure-wise a lot of it is established on a non-response because a lot of these public agencies um are acting in arrogance of their positions and in ignorance of the law and a lot of them are receiving these documents and they don't bother to respond back to them. So we act in in the course of the law we follow a due process of law. We give them every opportunity to to rebut to disclaim the information that we're presenting them uh and to give a proper response um but they always almost always failed to do so. Um some of them do come back with responses but if it's not a proper response where they haven't properly addressed trust law of equity then that would be considered also be considered an acceptance. So a lot of it is non-response, silent acquiescence, tacit approval what we're doing and it doesn't matter if they say no or I don't recognize that we won't accept. Doesn't matter because this is my sovereign free will. This is my free will. Yeah. This is how I want my life. And if you I mean if you are telling me that I can't live the life I want to I must conform to your your slave system and be in legal bondage then that is the very definition of slave right which is unlawful. So if you want to go to a court with me we'll fresh this out in court and see who's the slave and who's the master. Yeah. So that's the situation we've got. And of course going on this journey is very different for everybody. So my life as a sovereign is very very simple because one of the things I value most in life at this stage of my life is peace and I've come to realize that a simple life is a very peaceful life. So my estate is very small. I don't have all these massive investments. I don't have real estate here there and everywhere. So I have there's a lot of trust work that I haven't needed to do. My life is very simple, very basic. Um, it gives me flexibility to move around. I keep things very, very small and tight. So, the amount of paperwork and procedures that I've had to go through is very minimal compared to other members of our society that are very much embedded in the system. They've got they got the two or three houses, they got the five cars, they've got the several businesses, the real estate empire. And for them it's more more intricate, more complex, more of a nightmare restructuring it all and it's more of a longer journey. So hopefully that gives your viewers a bit more insight into how sovereignty actually works practically, you know, when it comes to engaging with a system. Um and of course when you're engaging with the system you know for example my experience of engaging with let's say my local council would be different to your experience engaging with your local council who are operating although they're operating under the same government and the same crowd they have different policies and my myself I've engaged with one agency or two different people in the same agency and they've given me two different responses. So, it's it's always moving and it's a case of always adjusting and it's a case of always having to to leaz back and forth with these public agencies when you're restructuring things. But as long as the documents and procedures that you are creating are watertight in in that they are above board, they are within the parameters of law, the highest laws of the land, then therefore everything that you claim and state and declare and notify in these documents, procedures to establish your sovereignty is beyond attack. It's beyond challenge. It's beyond disillusion within a court. Yeah. Because for anyone to attack your position and your assertions of sovereignty and these documents that are structured in law, well, they they have to attack their own system. They have to have to go against their own system and call out their own system, which they're never going to do. So again, it's in it this sovereignty movement, this true sovereignty movement, not the sovereign citizen movement, not the the people that are going off and running around thinking they're lawless and can drive cars without insurance, all the rest of it, you know, that's that's that's again people operating without really doing the work and really understanding the laws of the system. But true sovereignty, again, it just it takes time to learn that knowledge. But once you learn that knowledge, once you understand the laws, once you understand the mechanisms of banking and governance and politics and how public agencies um actually truly operate, then it becomes well, you see the code of the matrix. >> Yeah. >> You see the code of the matrix, you go, gotcha. I now I now know how this works. I now know how to approach this. This now no longer has any effect over me. I'm I'm now able to converse with these people in such a way that they are unable to place any attachments on my life. They are unable to substantiate claims over my life because I've reached a certain state of awareness, knowledge and consciousness that it's it's just beyond it's on a it's on a different plane of understanding. So, it's a great journey. It's a great journey if you decide to go on it and it will certainly elevate your awareness of this world. That's for sure. And I think if you do go on this journey of of achieving personal sovereignty in your life, you're definitely going to be be a part of the the future uh of this new world paradigm that I truly believe and I kind of know in my heart's hearts is going to come along. I don't know how it's going to come along, but I I do believe it's going to come along once this whole system does begin to collapse under the weight of its own corruption and deception. I'll leave the final words with you, Anna. >> Yeah, I totally agree with that. I really do. It's it's an interesting uh process and you know, selfmpowerment is the most rewarding journey to go on. But it but it it's not some new age fancy concept that that you know it it has a lot you have to really learn things that you may not want to learn. You know who wants to learn about laws and this and that all the rest of it. But that's what it takes. You know this is the world we all live in. No use daydreaming about whatever. This is the world. So how are we going to deal with it? Are we going to take ourselves on a journey of self-empowerment or are we going to just stick our heads in the sand and uh carry on and hope for the best you know others can do this work and then I'll benefit? I mean to be honest I truly don't want any of this. You know I there is nothing in me that wants to study laws and deal with councils and officials and send uh documents to here there and everywhere but it's got to be done you know so I I am starting on this journey and see where it takes me and uh that's all I can say I won't even say well you should too or you know this and that that's on you don't do it do I don't give a shit But that's where I'm headed in my own time slowly. I won't rush it because I truly despise this stuff. I loathe everything about dealing with governments to my knowledge of 52 years on this earth. I have not known about even read about anyone who actually relishes enjoys gets lots of joy out of phoning councils and dealing with banks and everyone hates it. They don't look forward to phoning them. They don't look forward to meetings that everyone hates it, right? But it's got to be done. So if if that's what it takes, then that's what it takes. On that note, Russell, thank you. Um, and uh, I am sure we'll have more of Russell in the time to come. This has been a great presentation. It was everything I was thinking about in terms of simplicity, conciseness, ease of understanding and if you know I would say that even if you don't actively send 100page lawful document to your local government at least knowing this is even that is a step forward. Not knowing it versus knowing it is a huge difference. the huge difference. Uh, and that's where I'll leave it on that note. Thank you, Russell. Thank you for your time and your amazing clarity of presentation and your depth of understanding. You're a powerful individual indeed. And uh, we'll get we'll have you back. I'm sure of it. I'm 100% sure of this. And on that note, farewell everyone. Walk in freedom. Take care.